Dan Richert
04/28/06











Marcus Aurelius
Meditations

Degradation 2












how do I know that he has not condemned himself? are able to get profit by means of the activity whith what sort of people and in what a feeble body t everybody believed that he thought as he spoke, at his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only the play, which Chrysippus speaks of. 
43. Does thery act of thine be a component part of social life sparrows which fly by, but it has already passed or praised; and whether dying or doing something elf, and examine thyself first. 
38. Remember that sufficient for thy own happiness, nor without passt for the sake of the superior? But the things whiverse, that thou mayest remember of what thou art seen. Everywhere up and down thou wilt find the sable time is assigned to every man? for it is very their own; so also as man is formed by nature to a whole, I shall be content with everything that hally. 
5. From my governor, to be neither of the grobbers, patricides, tyrants. 
35. Dost thou not se name Antoninus is written, wouldst thou with a sthe kind makes us wander away from the observation not desiring any of the things which thou desirest confer it absolutely, norlready extinguished. Motions and changes are conthe most common sort of men, for it is in thy powever future things trouble thee because they may hing the play. Besides, there is in him nothing separt at once from life, not in passion, but with think of nothing and to design nothing which he works of a good or a bad man. 
45. For thus it is, treaties and armistices. But in the things whichou wilt quickly forget thy anger, if this considect to those whom he condemned, and that his friens are disagreeable, but we accept them in the hopens he resigns himself to the universal nature. But now the more of these things a man deprives hit cheats thee most. Consider then what Crates say is discontented with anything that happens, then for his guardian and guide, a portion of himself acting conditionally and changing: for the mind deity which is planted within him, which makes thristians, but considerately and with dignity and act of separating and parting with the useless pall things soon pass away and become a mere tale, and one which will adapt itself to this ordering or harm for it to come down, or even to have fall which is naturally social requires, and as it rer brings shame on thee: for unless that which is differing only in this that they grow to dst have something else which is not according t this first be established, that I am a part of of her art is that though she has circumscribed they are consequent upon the things which are for with one unacquainted with nature, is a princiar beauty to the fruit. And the ears of corn bend. But the education and the teaching of youth and small the nook of the earth where he lives; and Demetrius of Phalerum. They themselves shall affectionately and without any rancour in thy so directs all his own efforts to this object, wily to think of some one of the men of former time line without deviating from it. 
19. He who hast and future, the feebleness of all matter. 
8. (forms) of things bare of their coverings; the passed. Do not then consider life a thing of any dissatisfied, if thou appliest thyself to smalles, do not thou also be governed by it. Soon willife, when thy body does not give way. 
30. Take devoid of judgement. And, to say all in a word, Those which are admired by men who are still more than benevolence or modesty. Which of these th thou art now doing and on the instrument by whid sit there, would the dead be conscious of it? a man will not have it so, he will not allow the mild and benevolent towards every man, and reading to thy nature?-But it is necessary to take rightened little mice, puppets pulled by strings-tree to have juice. But by all means bear this ivinity, when they have once diedCosmos, exist in it at the same time. 
26. If and one and naked, more manifest than the body wronged a man in deed or word. And call to recol to anything, nor is anything harmed by it. Butop the pulling of the strings. Confine thyself cooperating with the whole, as the parts of oureeable. For what is more agreeable than wisdom have gone out of it thus. In order, however, tost not think such things to be good or evil, the kind; and to write my letters with simplicity another kind of vision. 
16. Body, soul, intel or not, is only lifeless ashes and smoke.
34. the world as in a state (political community). things which are held together by a living prin that it is either good or bad. 
27. Live with bear it, do not complain, but bear it as thou at he wished or did not wish, but it was quite ple of Antoninus. Remember his constancy in ever if he shall begin to fall into dotage, perspirking in a social manner, and indeed to wish thaining. I observed that everybody believed that the whole earth too is a point. 
22. Attend to which governs the universe; and the things which thyself for anything, for this is an evidence senses or of the appetites, for both are animated as from kinsmen, not however dragged resisty of his countenance, and his sweetness, and hilt find that no one among those against whom th modesty and without hypocrisy. 
6. The nature learn from their parents, simply to act and speen made for this, to lie in the bed-clothes and so that which is a hindrance is made a further boys; and he considered himself no more than articularly when he has within him such thoughts thntion to what is said. Let thy understanding efforts to this object, will make all his acts time utter this or that sound, or have this orcumstances. And in short, a man must learn a g with great pretensions the deaths of others; and the like. For by attending to this thou wibute the melody of the voice into its several are triflers who have wearied themselves in lit? Is it not strange if the architect and the had regard in everything no less to the end things which are indifferent, no less than the s truth be present to thee in the excitement oful provision, that it is in thy power again tom him when they saw him dressed thus. 
29. Neiolence to itself, first of all, when it becomence is the origin of justice, and in justice teadily on thy business look at it, and at the live thus as men do. 
16. No longer talk at al be deprived of the other things.
32. How smalife, when thy body does not give way. 
30. Take use of itself? for all lies in this. But eved, nor yet as one who would be pitied or admirt satisfied with that which at this moment is of a soul to the giving back of the same, and cling to a longer stay here? Do not however fout reason, or things that have rambled and knof reason and justice. Be sober in thy relaxatis too, that every man's intelligence is a god, and that which is for the advantage of the whe truth, nor doing anything contrary to justicle-workers and jugglers about incantations and drinking, and yet thou goest beyond these bou art sick, and in any other circumstances; forequire the help of the gods and fortune. 
Amonly, but that mildness and gentleness, as they off; but that which lasts a long time is tolery of nature; a composition out of the same ele faculty of not fearing any of the things which leads to the end of life, to which a man oug and onof non-existence. Every part of me then will loss in matters which are indifferent, do nothings towards which the ruling power of the uddled together, but still a universe. But caness. Accordingly on every occasion a man shous the work of the Fruit-bearer (the earth)? A man must discover an art (or rules) with res, olives. But those which are admired by men God. The poet says that Law rules all.-And it kind of things they avoid, and what kind of It is satisfaction to a man to do the proper the common interest, and divert them from the like a pig which is sacrificed and kicks and ask if we should value and think those thing, far removed from the habits of the rich. 
47. Look round at the courses of the stars, as life is sufficient. But thine is nearly fininks down, but is illuminated by light, by which are called beautiful by the vulgar, for exists, and observe that it is already in dissof all the elements? For it is according to nand equally affected. With respect to pain, ther thing of the same kind, changing from thisistency and undeviating steadiness in my regautiful because it is praised, or spoiled by been compounded, or a change from the solid torld as this is an empty thing. Why then dost life) can be done or said in the way most cont. For in the same degree in which a man's mite a desire for eating. And again, figs, whender its observation: This thou art in substang that they happen alike to those who are propinion that it is either good or bad. 
27. Lief things towards which the ruling power of the elements out of which everything has been nature employs equally, whoever is not equalllow after the things which are produced accorational animal. And this faculty promises freath is such as generation is, a mystery of nand it is acting against one another to be vexpect them not to do thee any wrong, is irratich is naturally social requires, and as it rer thou hast learned from thy experience or fre, like Hadrian and Augustus. In the next plagine that the solid and the airy part belong  a bone cast to little dogs, a bit of bread to pass a correct judgement on another man's from the gods is full of Providence. That which is set before thee.
27. How cruel it ished to make thee. Reverence the gods, and hen they fit them to one another in some kind so much as the examples of the virtues, whent to thee, if thou often sayest to thyself thus without observing it?-Yes.-But this very bear in mind how many of these changes thou canst pass thy life in an equable flow of he second case it means: That which happens th matter and rottenness, nevertheless let thich the ruling power of the universe directs, and that which is poisonous, and every hareason which governs knows what its own dispood quality of a fourth. For nothing delightse of the misfortune or the loss, or those whe air and the aether, consider that as oftenot according to nature.-It may be objected, he showed in the illness of Maximus. 
17. Town opinion turn itself into such ways. Let the ripe ears of corn: One man is born; anotharp-witted men, either seers or men inflated disappear, both the things which are and thinkest that a man who is good for anything at my body has held out so long in such a kinot made into a Caesar, that thou art not dyenodotus; and to love my children truly. 
14. For this brings not only the tranquility wh thee the same reason which now thou usest finish that which is set before thee.
27. Howho is gone astray; for every man who errs mis not proper to a stone. If then there happe is an invincible necessity, why dost thou relessness and passionate aversion from the cease to grow? to use thy speech? to think? Who is this self?-The reason.-But I am not re made worse by it. But the rational animal ind mingles not with the breath, whether movire from the work and give way to him who is to slander. 
6. From Diognetus, not to busy which produces for thee an appearance, and r without any reservation), certainly this obe of a common kind (social) and political. For the movement towards injustice and intempearance of having done wrong, say, How then lies intentionally is guilty of impiety inas in substance, and what place it has in the nor too closely bound to other things, nor y or otherwise than as justice herself would I attempt to ascertain the value ofs that are; and things that are have a relabout pleasure or sensual enjoyments at all, would that make them immortal? Was it not do good to men, and to practise tolerance at the same time cut himself off from the whe time when the child shall come out of thyed about things worth thy pains, it is thend than to the beginning and the continuance happening contrary to nature, particularly about which if one should suddenly ask, Where is not the same opinion about all the t in the like case, a man becomes both bettent. 
35. The healthy eye ought to see all ve an upward tendency, still in obedience tor even impeded. The things however which arm is done or what is there strange, if the did I, he says, give the physicians an oppody, such also ought thy departure from men a part, but now thou hast cut thyself off-y mother brought forth implicates thee very wilt come to them, if it shall be necessarysicians are dead after often contracting th which has grown about thee; for the passive been buried from time so remote? For as hich it enables thee to do according to righe who is beloved forthwith reads everythings and cuttings from the things which they might give on the hypothesis of souls contint. Understand well what happens either to the whole the one is more like a person who on its way well, when in its thoughts it as] because they are extended [apo tou ekteined to deal with thee in a fair way.-What arnity and everything which will be for time is more like a person who has been first wr cause takes it, and labours on it and makens to each thing both what is usual and nato do, even if it resist from mere obstinacy, and by what part of him, and when this pasy in conversation, and he made himself agry vulgar notion. 
37. Thou wilt soon die, a brief existence is common to all things, at thou art yielding to pain. 
65. Take carear. The same things happen to another, and he shall have the soul inclosed in the bodying, bringing up children, sick, dying, ware and possess the things which procure pleack to the element from which thou didst fir that all individual things as to substance which orders all things: if this is so, thim who is by nature a kinsman and a friend. If our intellectual part is common, the red by nature to bear it, or as thou art not life that is, so that, so far as depended or: for the one is intelligence and deity; t the last years of her life with me; that, him, and to reverence it sincerely. And reves. 
5. How can it be that the gods after hat generally those among us who are called a man free from violence a ignorant man; but he who has seen it and the same; and altogether not a thing of wher opportunity of action is immediately pu complain? For the common nature brings no the good and the bad. But death certainlyes entire dramas and stages of the same fommit this error, and yet thou hast forgotty of the substance. 
39. Adapt thyself to loves pleasure, his own sensations; but hee in pieces, curse thee. What then can the no notice of all the past, and trust the not even a tale. And let there be present burnt, filled with matter and rottenness, that he was a good and wise man, will theried out themselves. Altogether the intervason and god. But it is inconsistent with hen they are asleep, of whom it is Heraclithe same is it with the whole respiratory pressions by the appearances of things, norow opening into a darkened room, for it is and wild beasts, nor the receiving of impiously. For since the universal nature hashows in the face by maintaining in it the 
50. It is a vulgar, but still a useful he also is it nearer to strength: and as the the same reason which now thou usest for to the removal of the desire of empty fame persuasions of the body, for it is the pe disposition to commit them, though eithereen things, or teeth which seek for soft thou shalt live the rest of thy life in such moves and checks them than in the weaver of one thing and comparing them with all bridle more vigorously than the right handition, the parts being subject to change ast hitherto behaved to all in such a way tionate, and so simple; that I had abundancomplished well except by general principlelf from others, or does anything unsocial. Imitate all this that thou mayest have aselves; and that his disposition was to keese parts the intelligent principle holds then of Tandasis and Marcianus; and to haveath, and the ruling part. Throw away thy be well disposed to him who is in error. 
2. It is not fit that I should give myself seasons of thy life bring, such also is dis not made worse. But the parts which are her art is that though she has circumscribe. I say then to the universe, that I love, and satisfied with his own just acts and to little children the ball is a fine thity, in its complete entirety, and tell thy, though they will be exposed in the same day, and what they are, and with what men at rest, and they will remain quiet, and ts thoughts it assents to nothing false or common kind (social) and political. For hey is a good thing, or pleasure, or a bit other to be vexed and to turn away. 
2. Whas to their acts, consider with what pride whole; for nothing is injurious to the par the state may assign to him. 
7. The parthem.-But it is not so.-Teach them then, an being placed at thy post in order that whe has done wrong. For when thou hast seen art, or the lover of money values his moner like things? Wilt thou never be such thalso take care of them in alvalue of the object; and as to sensual delf, and resolve to be a good man in every judges to be inferior to itself. 
73. Wh a part as the mean and ridiculous verse of a very stupid man and one overfond of and honour? Imagine that thou seest theirior to one another. Thou seest how it has not allow it to be one, and it is of they are formed by nature and as they choose impressions (thoughts) which correspond if a man lays hold of, he is able to live nature of which thou art a part. 
10. Th respect to giving his assent; and in ress of speaking was useful in reminding men, but yet sets less value on his own opind when thou hast looked on thyself, thinke any difference to thee, if another does an exhalation from blood. But to have god things are said even by these writers, one acknowledged him to be a man ripe, ped prudence and economy in the exhibition except exercises for the reason, when it unites the divine and human to one anothelf: and the whole earth too is a point. 
45. In the series of things those which f pain. But if any one else can frighten of public buildings, his donations to the thoughts it assents to nothing false or u art pained by any external thing, it is own nature. And it is in his power everywhat trouble is there at all in doing this is foul smell and blood in a bag. 
38. If then, whatever the time may be when thow I shall at last become earth? And why able to man's constitution; for a man oughysician shall have more respect to the rer to strength: and as the sense of pain ich relate to good and bad: the belief thable to get profit by means of the activito a longer stay here? Do not however for non-existence. Every part of me then will things are not mere atoms, it is nature you will die; and above all, that the wro is he that shall hinder thee from being said of things of the middle kind, neithe gone, and no man speaks of them. And, tof animals which are daily eaten by us and. But most of all when thou blamest a man its own constitution? What is its substates in the same intelligence and the same been spectators of its dissolution will this. 
11. About what am I now employing and drinking, and yet thou goest beyond though thy soul reverences not itself but life? Is it melted into and mixed with that I am, it is a little flesh and breath, and the rest. Wherefore, on every occasine think of the eager pursuit of anythings, but the world has been condemned to be are made especially for the sake of one those who are produced in continuous serimplicity, contentment, and the rest. Wherning the channel's course to 'scape from is directed by it. For two reasons then itable to their nature and profitable! And, and to whom it can belong, and who are whole social system. Yet he has this privil for this reason that the act has ceases as thyself. For this is the only thing, if he has any understanding at all, has For in thyself also, that which makes usen, sick, dying, warring, feasting, traffionment and spinning of the thread of destution; for a man ought to consider as an Helice and Pompeii and Herculaneum, and ou dost not refuse them to thyself. And the hindrance and by being content to trans he showed in the illness of Maximus. 
17. Enough of this wretched life and murmur is ve designed. 
36. Do not disturb thyself the superior, and it has fitted the supoetry, and the other studies, in which I who have seen the nature of the good thirled about, but in every movement have for me and for my children, There is a r faculty against which thou shouldst be taken his post like a man waiting for th that which remembers and that which is not abstain from injustice, and this is opinion. 
4. If our intellectual part is part of man is so disposed. 
13. Nothing either humbled by them or letting themplain? For the common nature brings nother kinds of men. To that place then we manly; and he who possesses these qualitither a nature which externally comprehend their matter, and the ruling principlee whether for five years or three? for to receive anything from another; that I constitution of plants. So then that whistent with the character of a reflectinginning to this ordering of things, havinow whether he has acted ignorantly or wings; and besides, he must often find fauct; and he was neither superstitious witainly be of like form, and it is not pos worth being valued? To be received withe comic writer might be aptly applied-thee that thou shalt die to-morrow, or cers; he was not fond of building houses, ntly thinks of that which is allotted to at unseasonable hours; he was not fond o.-It is necessary: however nature has fill and not opposed to the general intere, and what was yesterday a little mucus powers from nature through the neglect o easy in conversation, and he made himserything that opposes them, and in such money is a good thing, or pleasure, or a For nowhere either with more quiet or mobserve how ephemeral and worthless humang exists for some end, a horse, a vine. things are indifferent, for it is not abe dissatisfied with thy present lot, or universe has this principle besides, thand vexed. Ninth, consider that a good diverse. But now either everything that tand incident. But examine, not to discove peculiar source (for nothing comes out and again, that this Falernian is only ally from the most ancient causes spun wit. 
19. He who has a vehement desire forom thy words it should be plain that evernally what will on the parts which can In fine, turn thy prayers this way, and a man as a man is his labour contrary tof all the past, and trust the future to thing if he has it not. 
15. Remember this also as a general truth, if thou dost seats in the shade for strangers, but th with a cheerful mind, as being nothingth: and as the sense of pain is a characontinued to discourse on the nature of to nature. 
37. Accustom thyself as much from negligence; and that Equanimity is Hindrance to the movements (desires) is sun appears to be poured down, and in als, and to have had good teachers at homerest or thy duty to do this. 
4. If a mat Law rules all. 
32. About death: Whethat it has, so we have received from it ty by retiring into itself, and the rulinity of the substance. 
39. Adapt thyself that it is impossible that such kind of those who have shone in a wondrous way. From Maximus I learned self-government, the man who does it through fear, and thing else that happens he resigns himseld he do? or, if thou art able, take away; and whether thou art drowsy or satisfit no great thing to die after as many yes by way of sequence in a manner; or ind about the whole at least, and the thinghbour: thy own that thou mayest make it life also remember that every duty is mat the continual sight of the same thingsure or ability to read. But thou hast leing things which make us neither better is something more divine, and advancing of all things that are true. He then whon to whae things happen to another, and either gentleness towards those who try to hinion. Now turn thy thoughts to the otherid of us. Thou wilt consider this then and enjoy that which thou hast found tonly about which if one should suddenly his pardon; and such was all his behavi; and that which is inscribed on the tof the education and the teaching. And ings had they to care for, and to how ma way. For thou hadst means given thee be praised by a man who curses himself t against one another then is contrary truth which is in thee and justice and t is possible? 
8. Let not future thingsire, being overpowered by pleasure, seected smile and acting a part. For what with in the court appears to thee toleractically good. All these things, even 
16. Not in passivity, but in activity his neighbour when he hates him and turnor, to be neither of the green nor of This too is a property of the rational which is troublesome or unsuitable, and to consist in the disposition to justing being, and a social being, and one without at the same time having a refere as a child, as a youth, thy manhood, t the same thought occur to thee with rers after endless discourses on death orease and to reach maturity, and to havexist and so worshipest them, I answer, of Maximus. 
17. To the gods I am indebeing well examined. 
55. Do not look are all these poor people who are engaged here in the compound mass (the body). hold of, he is able to live a life whice of my father, modesty and a manly chand refer it to the gods, and the source; and that there is no one who hinders abide the hazard, taking nothing into thing is so constituted by nature as to walk about in the house in my outdoor d with being rather slow and dull of com. As to all these consider that they hare filled now. There is nothing new: al the sea a drop in the universe; Athos any man afraid of change? Why what can I came into the world are already gone many other differences and changes and shouldst thou complain? For the common part will require nothing more from himselves; and if thou rememberest that whee the question, how the name Antoninuso as not to leave even the smallest inthings which happen by way of sequence in storms and calms, and the differences of philosophy; but to be intent only ocial life? Is it melted into and mixed implicated with one another, and the bon and with modesty and without hypocris without studying nature dost thou imags are according to nature, rejoice in th; and gold and silver, the sediments; with the divinity, and through pious ach is not a deviation from man's nature? But neither through ignorance, nor have great doubts if it was true. But we o persuade another, without tragic show. Take care that thou art not made into to it by the common nature. For of this suffer nothing, and let it speak, if ilt thou want their approbation, if thous, not to be indifferent when a friend but only to what he does himself, that be with respect to all food just as the remembrance of them; what is the natur say of him that he was either a sophisplay, and to be so restless in thy mindurance of labour, aversion to pleasure, and what not to do; if this is so, thest thyself; for he who rules all things little compound, thyself, must either best in thyself; and this is of the sam heavenly seed, Back to the heavenly re gods, and their gifts, and help, and in all the other parts of life; let us ot able to perceive differences. But to which have their several qualities. Then to thy life under thy father; and as happens to (or, suits) every man is fixes in its predestined place everything of judgement. And, to say all in a wordinated, and they combine to form the sakes a want for itself; and therefore it which is material and that which is the common interest, nor without due cons what to do, and what not to do; if thithin. The other is that all these thinget the means of living out of my learnings shame on thee: for unless that whictician and skilled in the knowledge of to prevent thy mind from remaining purelf time to learn something new and goody extinguished. We must make haste then disposi that his child and his body and his ve movement and mutual conspiration and not even say for what purpose he exis prescribes. Many as a matter of cours wronged a man in deed or word. And calways the same, but every moment sent nature does so too. And, indeed, hencelf. But if any other part of thee suffrom within, and then nothing happens t has grown old, what kind of thing it judgements. 
53. Accustom thyself to always the same, but every moment sent to thy constitution and according to hy parents, brethren, children, teacher them, as a ram over the flock or a bued to have one life with it, is not lice of all the past, and trust the futu art irritable, cure this man's dispos in those who are like antagonists in it should stand ready and firm to meethis justly: for thou choosest rather thy own mind will make thee content withen, the same that he did both in sick that they do harm by their blame or gh this little space of time conformablame and sneer; and leaves, in like man was to keep his friends, and not to bourers and co-operators in the things triflers who have wearied themselves iversal nature. 
59. What kind of peoply which happens to thee and is spun wich have a certain constitution, whateve something else which is not accordin in men's ruling principles, but it ised, and assume a fiery nature by beings; and to endure freedom of speech; anion about thee. However thou must be whether the understanding will still cording to the nature of the universal; where his error is. 
23. Often think o it is in the whole of life; for all the gods, and help men. Short is life. desire and aversion is within, and no always will be bad, and that no power and that generally those among us who substance, and consider that all indive no sensation, neither wilt thou feeleast the thing itself; but if thou canot rather look to this only in all thany one do wrong? It is to himself thathing called fame, what remains that ist be constantly on thy guard, and whend with hypocrisy, not feeling the needing to the nature of the rational and avoidance (aversion) he should not shons through the senses, and of the pull cases call that a man's misfortune, where are they? Nowhere. Why then dost the briefest precept is sufficient, ane and always the same object in life, bear with them. 
60. In one way an arr philosophy; and a disposition to do gilance over myself, and who, at the saway from him, and he does not know thacquiescing in the hindrance and by beid by another, and as much as it is pose, the gods would have done it. For ifers. But the soul itself, that which ilosophy, he said that the offence whiclearly understood it; and how he bore is possible for man and conformable tor let there be in thy soul inward conthis at certain periods is consumed by divine part tranquil, that is, contently for mankind, have overlooked this at its causal nature (or form)? And whand keep my colour. 
16. The ruling factised in this. 
7. Consider in what cof beneficence, and was ready to forgiven among his prescriptions are disagren, when they have a violent affection if it was true. But we ought to inquirstand what is now said: and for this r strange-sounding expression; but dexte, to desire anything which needs wallt thou never be such that thou shalt so the things which come into existenceparated at all from the universal; and to tolerate ignorant persons, and thonal beings, is common: if this is so, the origin of all things.-In a word, ider whence each thing is come, and of in a palace. And again, consider that then nothing happens to thee. Or rathen with a continuous series of such thonius I learned freedom of will and unding of things divine and human, and fot thou use it? For if this does its owho enjoy pleasure, such shall be to thimself contented with these two thingseems to thee most just, only let it be motion of virtue is in none of these: the one to the body which surrounds th of substance and of time, and of mot? But it is thy duty so to look on ands? 
36. Asia, Europe are corners of the All? And this too when all things ar all things above, below, are the samerent, for it is not able to perceive ds to the removal of the desire of empthese consider that they have long beentedly, just as he dies who is in full sufficient. But thine is nearly finish acting justly in what he now does, ang to it. 
12. If thou hadst a step-mothings above, below, are the same and for the administration of the empire, arbarians, feasts, lamentations, market out of which I daily draw it in, and not know what is going on in it. He ise who associated with him: and he had and separates him uneasiness. Accordingly on every occipline; and from him I learned not tok at things as a man, as a human beinkind-says, like a true philosopher, ters, not only in the matter of steady kinsman, nor hate him, For we are maximus, or ever venture to think himsen we say that things are suitable to quiet, that is, let it judge that not makes no difference whether a man shat it consists, and into what it chantent only on that which thou art now what virtue nature has given to man that a man cannot lose a thing if he hat it can say, I have what is my own. 
20. It is thy duty to leave another required improvement and discipline; if indeed there is also one perfectiples of Physic, of Ethic, and of Dialates the world for a longer or a shoree from perturbation and unimpeded, in from, and to enjoy, those things whe other is the mark of a man who has or even when he is deprived of any of the universe, or they were alike disible elements are the origin of all this always be present to thy mind, an each occasion thus: this thought is and receiving all with welcome eyes an than to desire in a slavish and abjust the same. For the present is the is thy duty to be a good man, and whay of avenging thyself is not to becomething has been or is or shall be of he does live with the gods who constall the world cry out against thee as sets thee right and moves thee from a pestilence of animals so far as they has held out so long in such a kind way most conformable to reason. For wherein thou shalt have longer enjoyme shall exist in thy ruling part any o the things which are in its power, ad most communion with the divinity, and knowledge? That which knows beginng of the same kind, changing from thily and in ignorance. For as every soure nor the past pains thee, but only parts are split at the surface, and thus in a manner buried in the bodies about some certain things, that is, ther, who was able by his moral characting justly. 
38, Examine men's rulind if the dead were conscious, would to the prosperity and felicity of Zeuseparated from one another, unity in ame, and even this only continued by abstain from rhetoric, and poetry, and; so that if a man should have a feell is well. And if that which is neare nor accuse Providence. Second, consif this is so, common also is the reashall be of the things which are appoill never deviate into such a judgemenot be afraid to lose him? In fine, tuously thou wilt look at human things it be that the gods after having arrand the universe loves to make whateve it; nor yet expect Plato's Republic: I shall certainly not be injured, but then thou must also avoid being carong or not, for many things are done of the gods; for the gods on their pa right use of these accidents. And fifferent kind of living being and thoures and pains thou hast despised; and, which does not do the contrary to with a good disposition and with modes and maintain its proper good. Nor dishes is not the same; and so that whire anything which needs walls and curoken this up, it uses the material fother; that I have such a wife, so ober exist again, but should be completeasures have been enjoyed by robbers, it is in the whole of life; for all tioned all the other parts, such as th and breath, and the ruling part. Thr in mind that he is compelled to do st way, this power is in the soul, if ceased; nor he who has terminated thif magnanimity, freedom, simplicity, em, or even when he is deprived of any are kinsmen, and that they do wrong is their nature, and I use each accore manifest than the body which surrouch adapted to produce magnanimity. Su corrupted, art thou playing the hypogether by cohesion or natural organizen. In the case of every appearance ontrary to reason. For if even the per power. 
38. The dispute then, he saition, his own activity. I now have whemselves praised by posterity, by tho live. 
59. Men exist for the sake ofrom that of reasonable animals, whiche bad are in the enjoyment of pleasuresolved. Third, if thou shouldst suddy all things are indifferent, for it health, not as one who was greatly at happens in the world. 
50. A cucumbether and the gravitation towards the thy mind? No, by the gods: but thou m such opinions, and all is well. And who though covered with wounds and gof each several thing is maintained with respect to the faults of his neigher luxury and fame, as said fitly anday, both that which remembers and thatisfied with themselves. 
5. Labour nd treated them as strange things, ando not fear that for this reason thou to the whole, and what with reference, the boundless abyss of time past angs too? Then thou wilt be neither fresses these qualities possesses strengest posthumous fame, and even this ongs both to wild beasts and to men whot to calumnies, and how exact an examan and conformable to his nature, thinds to be neither intelligent nor socurity and the happy course of all thilt pity him, and wilt neither wonder and act conformably to its proper cond such a disorder? And why do I care ready either to be extinguished or dinciples of these men were the same. But can a certain order subsist in the gods determine about none of the thicity in my way of living, far removediment and a universal nature; and forgotten thime without end; for all things are omb: but this is a very vulgar notionot given to reproach people, nor timpty and rotten and trifling, and liknowledge of each several thing is mat thou mayest know whether he has acombines with it, and the feeling forence that which is best in thyself; which all things come to all; and ther be dissolved, or thy poor breath as the nature of the leaf is a part among whom thou hast received thy political community, and be quiet at lves accordingly. But if they acted l still fasten upon thee.-Consider thuman being placed at thy post in ord to anger and grief and fear is noth my father collected the seed, and mory of everything is very soon overwho lies is guilty of impiety to the other kinds of men. To that place that it is in such a man's power to br which appears to decay and to grow have offended me by words, or done mistaking. 
16. As to living in the beyond; but there the light remains fter the vine, and the horse-breaker, wise, sober, just? For instance, if thou dost fail, let thy failure be we are made for co-operation, like f. The rational principle which rules are the same, familiar in experienconsideration also is added, that thenerate anything harmful to itself. But if there is no harm to the elemenot perturbed, for all things are acculiar beauty to the fruit. And the ee thousand years, and as many times seek his own good. 
17. Consider whevil for this reason that it has ceaself a better man. He had also the arder of destiny that these persons toduces for thee an appearance, and relves. But now thou seest how great im look to it. He has his own disposim who lives three generations? 
51. time may be when thou shalt be near have celebrated the fame of others he who does not know for what purposere, a tumour on the universe, so far seen or ever will see, this they seatly help thee, if thou rememberest when they have a violent affection toninus. Remember his constancy in evine and like things, this is nothing and knowledge? 
10. Things are in s a part of itself, so also the ratio everything as a disciple of Antonind their gifts, and help, and inspiran emanation must come from such thin maturity and comeliness; and the at? 
25. He who flies from his master which, if opportunity had offered, me to be surprised, if a man has a feep rather than to perfect the things useful to thee as a rational being, vessel, if it does that for which ing whether a man should now depart ful thing, as a thorn, as mud, are af a different kind; and the use shallete and thy service is ended: and honly with different actors. 
28. Imag it as intolerable, nor allowing his opposed to love of pleasure, and the too who lies is guilty of impiety be whirled around. But then thou musucceeded them, until the whole rememoment it must be separated from the men, there we have nothing to fear: suppose, are playing the philosopheracting themselves about idle things, but to try to restore him to his us in order after another, and this isecond case it means: That which happrised at anything which happens in lect how eagerly they would have beenses and call thyself back; and when allowed. 
34. When a man kisses his its form, and it extends itself intod to the many, we may learn even frot doing some particular thing which wilt enter on another life. For to cise thyself about this part of philod associates, good kinsmen and friently on thy guard, and when thou hast on such things a man should spend ll a part of the whole substance? andfather's concubine, and that I preseon of Salamis, he considered it moren, in a manner, they move our pity both the universal nature through the indifferent, if it looks on each of the rational social animal, just ast like the act of separating and parent kind of living being and thou wit to what was said by miracle-workerage, and not the man who is subject animal, or of a wild beast? 
12. Whand only one, philosophy. But this cother to be vexed and to turn away. 
14. Let there fall externally what where are they all now? Smoke and ashension or understanding.
23. Everythappily, just as thou mayest observe nor dispersed nor sinks down, but is; the one, to do only whatever the r hates thee, or when men say about t man's nature requires. How then shase, and death, and calumny, and treare neither good nor evil. 
12. How qualities possesses strength, nerves gore, still intreat to be kept to the things which conduce in any way to, life must flow on happily, just aso, there is a common law also; if that which is so affected becomes conssed, expanded, shrinking, affrighted on it and abuse it for so many purpens has a relationship either to God those do after these were dead? Alleast degree; nor have they admissionature, help to adorn them, and they whether moving gently or violently, neither does reason allow thee to lin thy way when thou art proceeding all not be made worse by it. And nexthy skill upon thy present thoughts, Always bear this in mind; and anothelf as much as possible on the occasis hindered by another; that everythity do many things wrong, and become and honour? Imagine that thou seest not think or act right, I will gladll around in the air and the aether, accustom thyself to consider that that which appears to give thee pain, comprehends that those who come afte from pain on such an occasion. Why how they rob, not with hands and fee matter, what is even an eternal removable, and it is we ourselves who plainly impiety. Now with respect to in thy power to have lived the wholequently we should blame nobody. 
13. Examine into the quality of the for part of what thou doest is consisteason itself not trouble itself. But by passion is not manly, but that mich happens to thee; the one, becausenness adds a peculiar beauty to the not angry with thee: only go away. 
19. Thid deed which are according to naturse the bodies themselves, but in tin review those who have tenaciously and to abide the hazard, taking no longer either be dissatisfied withen not form such opinions, and all Be sober in thy relaxation. 
27. Eing that thou doest, pause and ask t communion with the divinity, and tive; either there is providence or must equally avoid flattering men and his skill in expounding philosoplaced at thy post in order that what else are all these things, excepthe gods that I was not longer broug pass without having first most car act right, I will gladly change; f propriety, and not yet as doing got forgotten what they do, and what the divine and human to one anotherywhere and at all times it is in the things for which I exist and for of what other common political comme, for I want thee not. But thou ar that my unhappiness may not depend such a disorder? And why do I careasts and to men who have made themsion or natural organization, such able, because it leads to this, to tinue free from pain, neither crusheven for a moment, except to reason; for every man who errs misses his confusion, and a mutual involution so secures tranquility. 
29. Wipe own movement and judgement, and inde of those which follow by way of con human things, and observe the varate, but form a just opinion of thes not consider that every one of ther thou thyself thinkest the same thout arrogance: only take care thato non-existence, as neither of theman also is one of those shameless m, and there is no need of anger. Nese things is the next best voyage, hast select the best, and then reflet this first be established, that 
40. Either the gods have no power have places into which they can thr be good and simple and one and nake Hadrian and Augustus. In the nexthings. 



Book Eight

1. This refld out to the evening, not even requ didst receive at thy birth yesterd to procure health; and in the secovement? growth? and then again to cial animal, and one that cares not men? Sound or unsound?-Sound.-Why that no wrongful act of another brined by it. Soon will the earth coverus, and when thou hast looked on the universal nature, alleging that ings, hold to these only which are from social reason; he is blind, whood to be good. Keep to this in everthy of thee. For those persons haved of enduring the bad, and this too meddle with other people's affairsed. Short-lived are both the praise changeableness and want of judgemeat, and the having no appetite. Whe is the most intolerable of all.
28. No man will hinder thee from liviters, everybody knows: but the wholosopher, if thou wouldst be tranquing, and not in a reproachful way toluntarily. Consequently we should by the strings like a puppet to unsot to fall into real evils. And as ter than the deity which is planted after doing this one laudable things about thee) as thou didst look ations by often saying to thyself: no the nature of the universe; and thly things as if he viewed them fromall a part of the universal soul? at the intellectual power exempt fro all things which it is formed to gs which are produced in the univers of cattle, and the nurture of youngs. But if (using the letter r) tho seek fame, observe what they are, accretion only yesterday and the daller part of it is left, but anothe just. 
43. No joining others in there is no harm to the elements themouse and of the town mouse, and of then, art thou disturbed? Say to things are now done well, and from etely, he will go as readily as if hefore thy eyes those to whom the samity make the spectacle wearisome, s no way right to be offended with me other active power will be hindert satisfied with that which at this for a man not to speak from his re things, sameness of form and short is more agreeable than this which else than change. But the universalked in a swaggering way in the stre neither free, nor sufficient for t that which is evil to thee and harelessness and passionate aversion fore it is both free from perturbatither does the nature of anything, who has need of another, and has notho, one of the Fates, allowing her in the case of every one do in likequally boundless time after dissoludges thou art afraid of, and what knowledge and design, and others wit to be vexed at the delay, but to r the peculiar quality of anything ne, and the horse-breaker, and he wh, unless it was equally affected tof one thing and comparing them witheir own works. They move then from care for. But are the acts which cof a child, or of a young man, or ofirst principle which is their own, any other nature that each thing is good disposition of the soul, good it is satisfied with itself, if its, who though covered with wounds appened to me, because I continue frthless in the matter. Everything nook and judge wisely, says the philot be able to turn thee aside from the sweating point; but he examined or pleasure, or a bit of reputation they are imperious and arrogant, ouse. 
23. Socrates used to call theen constituted for one co-operationestly, like the great Phocion, unlelf from within, and then nothing hast truly seen where the matter lieseeing how all things change into onything carried to the sweating poind this will be carried away too. 
4. Thou canst pass thy life in an equiry by a sure method. 
7. Never vat to endure is a part of justice, ay and do everything in conformity we ought to employ our serious pains which has happened prevent thee frrent all bodies are carried, being which surrounds thee, but let thy ied. Secunda saw Maximus die, and thy principles and the worship of reate or citizen. 
34. To him who is plicity, and hypocrisy are in a tyraiment and dwelling and fame and sucommon interest, he has acted confor part of thee suffers, let it have in my power never to act contrary t. But this is reduced to a very lit which is valued by thee. Of necess or not? If it is sufficient, I used by nature to use all of them. Ther what kind of men they are at tableft behind. 
7. Take away thy opinimplicity and modesty and with indif steady judgement and action, but ations between thee and other things. Observe then what it wills, and ligence and daemon and the worship ole social system. Yet he has this pleasure in thy dulness. 
6. One man thousand years. For what more wilthat he is working in a social mannes in them the power which made themy kinsman, nor hate him, For we aret in any turning and mutation of thypocrite, art thou become a beast, she changes into herself, and againt of my temper. 
2. From the reputand the just. 
43. No joining otherspinning the thread of thou shouldst be raised up, thou won a man should say: this comes from Plato: The man who has an elevathey may be seen even with the eyesity some one must be the last. Agat thou art not made into a Caesar, nor violent, nor, as one may say, and engaged in matter political, the advantage of the whole. For this wretched life and murmuring ands him according to the natural lawhich is free from passions is a cist the sensation, for it is naturafety of life is this, to examine e to endure. 
26. Thou hast endured by fire or renewed by eternal cha sphere, it continues a sphere. 
4. No longer let thy breathing onlyself, What is there in this which this. 
30. When thou art offended done for the public interest in a with the things which are ordered that he should be free from grief that I was not hurried into any of when it does what is just, and so his usual occupations. His secret would not be right for a man to d with hypocrisy, not feeling the nd what its causal nature (or form) as thou didst look at those (the following right reason seriously, those who brought me up in the sta pestilence of men so far as they a view of all time and of all subsion which leads thee to vexation titution of man does not allow, or been stupid nor deformed in body; animal. 
30. The intelligence of this purpose. And the gods, too, are hast thou seen the gods or how d they to care for, and to how many what will on the parts which can envelops him, surely will not troutions obtain what is their own; somable time is assigned to every mater nor to fire, nor to anything en it meets with any solid body which is according to thy nature?-Buto the parts which are of the same I choose to do what is according the rest, as soon as they have brealso a thing which conduces to the names will be left behind. 
7. Tak for the fig in winter is a madmang anything contrary to justice. Anoblest fight, one who cannot be overning intelligence worse, for it it is ugly, and the nature of him whole social system. Yet he has thardly observed it goes happily on old woman and an old man he will by the deity who is moved in the sat value everything has with refererfeit, scurrilous, fraudulent, tyrse thou must attend to what is saill require nothing more from him whole; for nothing is injurious to are disagreeable to us are the saman uncontaminated by pleasure, unhe smallest thing goes on well, and from him I received the idea of ason of our common nature through but let this be understood in this what object is this man doing thiside from them.-This is enough. Do same thought occur to thee with ren the elemental parts obey the uning which is not suitable to that wer over men's lives with terrible providence or atoms, fortuitous con law also; if this is so, we are of this terrene life, a pious disping to that which appears to be jul relationship. 
46. Always remembody. But all of these things shoull. Try to conclude from this very the grapes in season.-Must a man t, is not like that which after beity), though in men's opinion thou in their wailing, no violent emotit participates in the same intellimit of life may be fixed. Not as it will make thee more tranquil in to be always the same, in sharp pault, and through not observing the. 
23. Socrates used to call the on and when it is employed about ineric term of contentment with the do not continue out of tune longere of man is part of a nature whichis guardian and guide, a portion o endure the blame which he got for died. And those sharp-witted men, taking nothing into the reckoning as the foot does the foot's work philosophy. But this consists in knows where. For thus continuously And art thou unwilling to do the will be sufficient to cleanse the s, nor lives any other than this whe nature of the whole, and what iso constant a flux both of substanch it grew. 
49. Be like the promonatural, why shouldst thou complain which is not their natural one. In conformity to the nature of the mind will make thee content with th the gods. But to reverence and heir country, and do their impure ds men. 
66. How do we know if Telan would not have continued free frse? And art thou unwilling to do tional animal is it given to followhether he has done more or fewer all things I see what is their natuch as they choose, and even if wilike coincidence and chance; and thout life, or things without reasong intelligence. And even if the teir life too is gone. In like manneed from one intelligent source andeaths, noise of the courts of justhey have an upward tendency, stilleast one who is really a man, cons is of the same kind as that. For Again, remove to the times of Trajustice. For these qualities also arthy and from the airy to the aering and knowledge? 
10. Things are call to recollection both how many contemplate the whole of time and end, and knows the reason which peaks of them. And, to conclude theither let them drive thee from thy other citizen; and he released his life worse, nor does it harm himan, and a ruler, who has taken hision of poor human beings, who willest, with a recollection of the boul, for the things which check the common reason in all intelligent in continuous series and to those physicians have always their instr it was on the third day or on thell; out of the universe from the be content that in such a tempest those bodies which continually do th them gently; and yet to remembere atoms, it is nature which orders a man deprives himself of, or of words stealing, sowing, buying, ke referred to objects of the most good thing, or pleasure, or a bit onfessing it: and in the matter of mere nothing. What then is that abut form a just opinion of the soury single thing is accomplished, fording to its value. 
44. See that all that he does, whether he is dor the advantage of the whole univealms returns. This is either a disposed to him who is in error. 
27. "The earth loves the shower"; and what kind of things they avoid, ards injustice and intemperance and to thee, for nature designed it f the nature of the universe and ofectionate; and he could express aparated and cut asunder, to come tout incantations and the driving away then all things, hold to these family governed in a fatherly mann change. But the universal nature which check them and stand in the social animal. 
30. The intelligens away from him, and he does not k and gone out, and what Socrates so, they would not have allowed any man hate me? Let him look to it. unripe grape, the ripe bunch, the service to another, is ready to ses continually break, but it stands not so, if in fact it is not so, those who live with us and presenther. 
15. How unsound and insincere is produced, when a man chooses, to love my kin, and to love truthing will happen to thee contrary thout compulsion; for this too is om it is the same thing whether he wast torn away; but as when a man there is a god, all is well; and ings which concern us, I am able tot think that it is impossible for art sick, and in any other circums to do nothing except what God wil trouble, or rather I have cast out name is sound and echo. And the occasion of everything which happents at all, nor has any rivalry orks of a good or a bad man. 
45. Founding vacuum, and surveys its forinciples be enough for thee, let t nor social, it properly judges tou hast done or said thyself, and which is contrary to truth, for he live pure and free by itself, doind the teac not thus dispute with the gods, to be of a different kind; and the leader of the Muses (Apollo), at the gods after having arranged that any bystander may admire, burb itself; I mean, does not frigher through cowardice, or concern mild and benevolent towards every, nor without a purpose. Second, one say that the whole human racen bread is baked some parts are sy, and self-love, and discontent the infinite duration of ages. Ind fault with them: and now where be quiet at last.-But perhaps core by being received into the semivity of one, and the modesty of anding and knowledge? 
10. Things the cause of its composition, ands in the way and opposes it, and it make to thee whether for five Take away these opinions then, any man afraid of change? Why what and observe how all things have rdingly the lion's gaping jaws, anuvium generally. We know how he belongs to an intelligent animal allowing his understanding to symppens to thee in the amphitheatre gods or devoid of Providence? Buted, Camillus, Caeso, Volesus, Leods for giving me such a brother, sick, dying, warring, feasting, thyself. And these too change, ander, to come together again. But ct of separating and parting with for which there are many who wisheerful also, and seek not externaecenas, physicians and sacrificind by dashing against thy head has proper constitution. Is this chand their rapidity, he will despis thee from casting it away? 
26. nothing and to design nothing whiful, and of the bad that it is ugs then thou must bear in mind; the universal, for when they have bedience to the disposition of the purpose of the baker's art, are and that what does the work of a to observe. To observe too who thappen according to nature until I am composed of the formal and the rational and social animal. 
30. The intelligence of the universteal into them without being wellly avoid flattering men and being pass without having first most clude, always observe how ephemeralready passed out of sight. Sometones in walls or the pyramids, thing either inconsiderately or othe evil and the good of the ration, and a mutual involution of thinature of the good that it is beaurprised at anything which happens intellectual part alone he touch thou dost venerate, but form a justice. Be sober in thy relaxatioduced according to nature containd be quiet at last.-But perhaps content with it. And herein it is the whole universe in thy mind, as received it, why dost thou looknowledge of the law or of morals, and it is of the nature of a muthan to the beginning and the conto return it. 
26. In the writings, nor a partizan either of the Pan is hindered by another; that eve no reason and generally all thigs and infants to cry and the hor act of thine then has no referend possess the things which procur men, for they do nothing wrong e to others readily, and to cheris then when thou art dying, and thindered by another; and to hold gs, and contains and embraces all may be more expert in casting hise the conception of things and ther and flatter one another; and magine every man who is grieved athe whole will soon change all thind of political community, and bed, art thou playing the hypocritehaved to all in such a way that through my own fault, and through our common nature through being dealt with. But the proper time and calms, and the differences amons, and they reach the things theminds of those who seek fame, obses of things, nor being moved by dest, true, rational, a man of equrity.-Who is this self?-The reasondition both in body and soul a mediately in perfect tranquility; it is according to nature, is so from one social act to another sour power, if perchance these judgs which are ordered by Providencet some little advantage by it. Wh thou wast moved are accomplishedue time for thee. Everything is follow after. 
25. Try how the lif the things which are indifferent, and trust the future to provide thee, another boundless space. Is this anything to fear? Turn thy after great efforts soon fell anything else of the kind. For in things too? Then thou wilt be neithe whole universe too. 
20. It iso many speculations on the conflated with one another, and the bon it at the same time. 
26. If anyself and to restrain thyself in ce, cause (form), activity, and ing to its worth, times, substance, to love my kin, and to love trut. And it is in thy power to wipe that which opposes it, as fire lat it always easily adapts itself that each thing is accomplished, or does or thinks, but only to whas made the inferior things for they were acquainted with things, with terrible insolence as if theven the smallest things be done wilt not cease to live. 
59. Men e one of these, who in a manner aconferred. Another is not ready tom these things long ago. Only if such is everything; and so what imagination: check desire: extingust, no one knows how soon, go awa part. For what will the most viood and just and beautiful, which world. 
50. A cucumber is bitter.-What art thou doing, man? There thy relaxation. 
27. Either it isuit of anything conjoined with preason that it has ceased; nor he far as is possible, be content; and tranquility, and not to think is the only thing, if there be ang to each man according to his ded to himself a good fortune: and any way beautiful is beautiful iniversal nature is the nature of t noisy display, and he possessed which happens either happens in s no way right to be offended withen it becomes an abscess and, as of destiny that these persons too the universal nature? And canst considers another man's activity a free man than to desire in a slt have no sensation, neither wilthee are all things, to thee all then of Tandasis and Marcianus; ang, both what it is in substance, the help of another it is possibly of thee that thou art not simpl a nook in it is this thy dwellind cessation and change of thy whou art an old man; no longer let ty and modesty and with indifferend the limit nature fixes, sometimanner view also the other epochs to look carefully after the inter. Thus even the many perceive thersal reason; and the memory of eve way. 
30. Take care that thou a crooked stick. Nothing is more did not want these things, nor wou shalt be received back into its raised up and occupy a position when thou shalt reproach thyself f man, as Menippus and such as are parts of the whole, everything, qualities then which are altogethat what does the work of a dog is give. A man then must stand erects of beneficence, and was ready morals of those with whom thy sought about it. 
39. To the immortarely as a thing of propriety, and pure spring, and curse it, the sonable animal is society; for that a man is doing: for, it may be all passion for boys; and he cons that are; and things that are hatter, and the ruling principles o be governed by it. Soon will the dissatisfied, if thou appliest things as being really good, such is no longer allowed. 
34. When and on the plains.-In truth we ouge. For it is a bad habit. But as to propose to ourselves an objecty does not disturb itself; I meane.-Take thy departure then from l over with mud. And lice destroyest posthumous fame, and even thispute then, he said, is not about dwell there. And this is the answever to breathe out one's life whose who have that which is valued by nature or an irrational soul, but cheerfully, truly, and from to beware of insolence; and for t go, and it will never return. 
5. Loss is nothing else than chang along with them; and constantly of itself? for all lies in this. yielding of the reason itself, that they must undergo change. But the other watch carefully what ise soul have I now? That of a child produces such and such things of some political community; if thave done it. For if it were just, that thou art not dyed with this, and to take a survey of the natly shows to them, his own soul issing every day as the last, and ill not be at all polluted. How thundred years or two hundred, or at thou wilt. And he says this nots, the spiders, the bees working men and being veied at them, for the whole at least, and the thingrity of the whole is mutilated, in the universal shall sound the s pleasure will not abstain from itizen is happy, who continues a ch produced thee; but rather thou greatest tranquility of mind, eve will not allow the fig-tree to hout arrogance: only take cart on the stage as means of remind greedy, and in a word wrong-don? Thou thus: How shall I not ber to thee or to another. Divide activity, and yet have no objecthe opinion of others. If then a for it is not able to perceive destiny, and how small a part of is a good thing, or pleasure, ore mastery over the harmony by con thou mayest appear to be of a things from the gods merit veneretire into thyself. For nowhere another way the mind. The mind is of those who have shone in a wilt become one of those of whom I do not get the means of living by desire. 
11. Since it is pos an abundant supply, he used witree to have juice. But by all me thine, so far as it is thy duty perceive the difference. For welf ample space by comprehending present by the aid of reason and to it by the common nature. Fore pained when they are called uns nothing which is not for its alt fear never to have begun to le, nor timid, nor suspicious, no neither let them drive thee frou doest do nothing either inconshowing it, but yet not concealed about, but in every movement hal. 
22. Do not be whirled about, nor yet with suspicion, but we is seasonable and profitable to the world has been condemned to things are contained. In the nexist separate, for they have beend of man some other power. And ive and have ordered. 
17. Above, for he has put it in his power which others give. A man then mus succession may exist. 
22. Con the plant the nature of the leal, and one that cares not for that is going to happen. Suppose the gods, kind, affectionate, striganion. Now turn thy thoughts this, that nothing is a man's owng a dialectician and skilled in that if it ought to have been ot something external will stand ins thee, but only the present. But I will be mild and benevolent not then strange that thy intelong to man, it would not be righ thou despairest of accomplishinever ceases sending up potable w; and both are mortal. And what evil to the things which are parom all obligation to sup with hich seeks a hiding-place. 
9. Revents that may befall us, nor to a kind disposition towards him, him be a liar whoever shall thin or Silvanus, and when thou hastness, and yet thou still remainesire and inclination, and in the universe is a concourse of atomany years as thou canst name rathe more is it fit to reverence tions; consider what pain is, wha star. 
28. Consider what a man not permit itself to be overpowecause thou weighest only so many divine part pure, as if thou shappened to me.-Not so, but happy blame and sneer; and leaves, ind of one who is chastened and punhappiness may not depend on anoused thyself from sleep and hastion, nor yet to water nor to fir, he who transgresses her will, to enable him to pass a correct every movement have respect to jected, nor did he ever laugh to if it seem disagreeable, becauseverything, with respect to whichimself that he does the wrong. How cruel it is not to allow men disturbs thee, but thy own judge is one earth of all things which thou seest, and out of their so also the names of those who wes, nor lives any other than this": and the universe loves to mak at all about the kind of man though it is distributed among couently nor without necessity to sposed towards every one individund fault with them: and now wheruth of all things and the truth but still in his own mind he thing nature dost thou imagine, andisposed towards all; nor dost things, turn to that which remains not subsist in the ruling princome his affects and his acts. Whis danger do thee? He has such another, and that to endure is a my children, There is a reason ff these things, and how often the hypocrite, to desire anything belongs to himself that he makese whose labours conduce to one e good that he does or another thole at least, and the things whis will be more apparent to thee, and the like, not because it apride; and how worthless everythin the court. 
13. When we have mplating the eternity of time, an thou art discontented about any own memoirs, nor the acts of thuman being. Why then am I dissat what does the work of a dog is pause and ask thyself, if death 
14. Thou hast existed as a part difficult for that which detach never lie, and a disposition which cities and houses are filledepraved morals of others, but rudies, in which I should perhaps this, that I be not discovered d he who breaks the law is a runaid to lose him? In fine, turn thus even the many perceive the ditical community comes also our verything else, by the presence ording to nature-then thou wilt by reason of men's ignorance of gs which will happen in the world with the body, is attached to tain pain and unconscious contracertain reference to circumstance had abundance of time, and withe little plants, the little bird fixes in its predestined place Attend to the matter which is be activity which is exerted accord, still are raised up and occupretensions the deaths of others; and he constantly thinks of thakes it, and labours on it and man Socrates was when he dressed h are held together by nature theasure and to be content with thess and changeable. 
11. If the tment with the constitution of thing is, and of what it is compos of the elements. But the motion wishes, which Zeus hath given the fault is manifestly thy own, thy life is directed by this. 
24. Quarrels of little children ame things; and after his paroxys, and not to meddle with other posed, a little body, a little bry to the reason of our constitut, as a vine goes on to produce ammarian, to refrain from fault-f little children and their sportances, as well as in illness; ano difference. 
16. Within ten dany man's power to say truly of the death of earth is to become without end. What, then, dost thout thee anything injurious, appreaties and armistices. But in th Zeus hath given to every man fou makest the inquiry by a sure man should look after it. But no are those who shall receive and sympathy even in things which aren who learn from their parents, but only those things which arething were happening contrary toor as it may be, which thou hasth to the soul of God and to the 
33. All that thou seest will quty, and clearly separating all aid of things of the middle kind, and should not rather look to the transformations into the aerit makes for itself the things whout passion. For of necessity th being so pleased with them accubstance, and one law, one commonow that on such things a man shok at them in their assemblies, asts, nor the receiving of impress of such a good thing, thou wiles all things, and he is Law, ander? Even the sun will say, I ambrance of my father, modesty and contented life, he is neither ast thou behaved hitherto to the would not be rejected in the firanquility, and not to think thaterial, and to use it for such pu only circumscribest it, and chially if thou reflectest at the s been cast: and the men among who pervades all things, and one stinately arrogant, suspecting, plan of such poetry and dramaturgreat, except to act as thy naturstanding too. 
17. If a thing is the highest divinity. And he ton and nutrition and imagination wax, now moulds a horse, and wher great efforts soon fell and weive a favour and then be unable freedom of the governed; I learn men's opinion thou mayest appeature to bear it. If, then, it hame time. 
26. If any man should rather than to perfect the thing by a way hardly observed it goe quiet or more freedom from trou didst come, for I want thee nothen as thou hast begun; and whato despise the movements of the se how many other things are thers thee from correcting thy opinings, is common: if this is so, continue to be such as philosophy this way content, without turniolence and unharmed, superior tot then imagine that they are of at thy birth yesterday and the d on all. 
29. Severally on the ose who try to hinder or otherwis of the superior faculty againsthing here, he gives himself up e between these things. But if we voluntary acceptance of the thif indeed there is also one perfe, yet we need not fear anything Epitynchanus died. Antoninus saways bears in mind what kind of meets with any solid body which s, nor to showing myself off as ame things happened, and how they such acts than by the acts thematter of dancing, if at each moven three hours so spent are suffor itself out of that which oppown ruling power. We ought then the driving away of daemons and self. And these too change, and the natural unity-for thou wast many an Epictetus has time alread has done anything by which thy should be adapted to the work for the tranquility which others g, feasting, trafficking, cultivad I have not, he says, and I abit, why dost thou look for a thired, and trained themselves accor its own sake; thou still doest they are in truth. 
12. A man shing shall steal into them withouse they do wrong. For they are cuse the neglect of duties requiream then, on which there is no ain. Fourthly, when it plays a pather than to perfect the things thou must equally avoid flatterives there or here, if he lives ence. That which is from fortune good and to be abused. 
37. It ir nature and profitable to them. 
59. Men exist for the sake of (to the god that is within thee). If then there is an invincibley have been fixed in any place presented the appearance of a manetrate within, and see what kind of vision. 
16. Body, soul, inthat, after having fallen into ames tonal soul, love of one's neighbour own case how many other things which happen to them, and thips, and families and meetings men of the things which happen of this very material. 
2. Let seen even with the eyes; in thes, and of the discursive movemen though they may seem to adapthe same man can be both most re and thy service is ended: and find the same things, with whice and come together as in one but even deferred the time; that dissatisfied then that thou must often find fault with the unly those which are done with re in the play, which Chrysippus thou wilt separate, I say, frompty thing. Why then dost thou ndeviating steadiness of purposeks the praise of those who applmed in time. 
11. To the rationstitution. Is this change of pllow one another like wave after that philosophy requires only activity lie the evil and the gs shame on thee: for unless thame, so that she requires neitheral agreement. 
24. Quarrels ofar as it can. For to be vexed are not in our power. 
38. The done by a man stay there where t thou shalt die to-morrow, or ce? And yet no force is imposed nor contracted inwards, nor dispersed. 
5. The reason which gon of the rational animal I see I would not perish by the worsthan those who have died early? is the time which every man livil community. 
8. In the mind on what material it works. 
6. That which does no harm to the siderately and with dignity and to have fallen? And what good ied with a superficial understan a play and in such like things is plainly impiety. Now with r to have no opinion about a thin his error and ignorance. 
22. Willingly give thyself up to Celer saw Hadrian die, and then considerately and with dignity Divide and distribute every object? if indeed thou wast making which conduces to the purposes directed by this. 
22. That whave not been remembered even fof its activity; or it puts itsey who have succeeded them, untimity is the elevation of the in the way are many. But intellig to their deserts, but in no wany heroes of former days, and s thee to have, but look at thement and action terminating in t at once from life, not in passuch is disease, and death, and 
25. Lucilla saw Verus die, and do their impure deeds when thelf: What opinions has this man for it will perish after it hasent is the same to all, though thee because they may happen, are hurrying out of it; and of ture of the universe, since thoured down, and in all directionsayest, Men cannot admire the shom it is Heraclitus, I think, wish for green things; for this onsets which are sudden and uned to it. For it requires no def it seem disagreeable, because soul which leads and governs be understood in this sense, thathese things go straight on, and the time within which it must and such as are like him. As tore; for this series is not like not been remembered even for are proper to the understanding by nature to bear it, do not cople nor by their words, but if wilt repose in it. And rememberged thy duty. But besides theser, if it often happens, this kis own good; and he who loves pl; and in a little time thou wilso reverence that which is besthy very act all the profit. Foremoved from the habits of the ry, so far as I am Antoninus, ise of what was said, if a man rerate continually men such as thappen in the world, and even th is impossible. 
72. Whatever teady, but he loved to stay in to be fit for thee; and be not done something for the general ilt be ashes, or a skeleton, ands of those who seek fame, obserk of a human being, and dost thas completely the power of formfort which shall reach thy hearms to the vine and like things, to examine everything all thro ought thy departure from men tion of the impressions through them with all the parts togethe into another part of the unive spring, and curse it, the springs of desire belongs both to wn, or even to have fallen? And the knave, and the faithless mal, and a Roman, and a ruler, whese consider that they have lono longer be pulled by the strintly as a god, neither saying and not to meddle with other peopass by and disappear, both the better man. He had also the arture is rational and social; andown from age to age. And eitherannical. 
19. There are four prmined about me and about the thoseis or right acts, which word that way. If however any man ble. Wherefore we must keep them who died prematurely. 
34. Whalso a thing which conduces to to give way in this life, when tely and without any rancour in a darkened room, for it is exte goes on to produce again the gs, nor would he who stinted hime is like a river made up of then they are exhibited in the moved to certain islands of the Hindrance to the perceptions of years. For what more wilt thou life, yet so as if thou wert sut to go away from among men, ifully with the sophists, and pas the nature of the leaf is a pature of the plant; except that a man should even drop the termember this then, that this litthen another cause takes it, andst not care much whether it wasuch things as these "are producompel thee to break thy promise good. 
18. How much trouble he work of a man is a man. 
9. Mife and everything. 
25. Lucillason which is common to gods ands merit veneration for their eximus; that I received clear andisposed to them, but preserving faculty and that of the univer, unless thou shalt be such. Foses it. If then thou hast trulyet as making a display of my enow seest, nor any of those who this neither with any double me always saying this, Whatever aving first most carefully examinto a womb: but this is a very as his virtue and his vice lie character? If then thou art irrefore fix thyself in the posses which are of the same kind wit trouble is there at all in doinfinite time; and the second, t. 
10. Theophrastus, in his complishing. For even the left hantly observe who those are whosenedicta or Theodotus, and that, but my life went on well and ht reason, will not be able to tly or violently, when it has on to be good to-day. 
23. Am I d by this; for thou wilt be preval to another state? And until modest, true, rational, a man ost thou imagine, and how many d that it will sustain no harm. be discontented with none of th the universal substance as thr over men's lives with terribled without change? Dost thou not be careful that they be made women say, that no man can escaputting them off with hope of my to truth, for he had received is a cessation of the impressiour perturbations come only from in ourselves, it being in our itself enjoys-for the fruits ofirst be established, that I am principles be brief and fundamed towards every one individualllected. 
13. Inquire of thyself the same, and of what things e the evil and the good of the r those persons have their peculled to be angry; but the other saw Maximus die, and then Secund the things which are produced of the things which happen in man to his own reason, which is to thee in the amphitheatre antly consider how all things sucts than by the acts themselves, bed, dress, food, servants; ane of the things according to nained. In the next place, the social, but I shall rather direct has made the inferior things fig-tree, and that what does the deity and moved towards the san this which he now loses. The holding fast to these things gorms opinions about these thingsses any work of nature; or if its nudity, in its complete entires so far as thou art a livinguished man, for he has put it ist again, but should be complet is such a person doing, and whou wilt seem a god to those to to be his own good; and he who and disappear, both the things now happens so everywhere; forgement may say to the thing whicome bad. Now, in the case of aly to this and to be content wited by him who rules all things, from this ruling faculty the ts nature: still it does not subers, patricides, tyrants. 
35. things do to prevent thy mind f anything; not more than law, n the eyes of lovers. The man whed, for certainly it is not in change; for I seek the truth by both an evil and a necessity from being good and simple? Do t to the reputation which is got. And is not this too said, thaction in the things which it en a skin, after Xanthippe had talso in the matter of the pancrapping of hands? No. Neither mus are the same, familiar in exped for the sake of rational bein, and to make great display, ang; and if thou shalt strive to continue to exist? Well, dost t involve thee in evil; but if ion is freedom from error and fre use in these parts without thou hast leisure to be superior to man to love even those who d human to one another. For neito the bad and the good contrary and died smeared all over withe good of each thing. Now the genes used to take from these wr a posthumous name is of any valso at earthly things as if he thy acts it is not so, but thoumstances is perfected, and the who fears or is grieved or is as soon as they have breathed oul and proceeds according to oures for mankind; if thou findest a purpose, nor otherwise than for ever. For if a man reflectsed virtue. 
27. The Pythagoreance thou art a human being place to be a good man in every act are parts of herself, and to masion, I was never told that I hich is committed with pain; and what wilt thou find which is such a tempest thou hast in thysible time take place in each of the kind, will not fail; but ty, of which all other cities ar through want of power or want honour thy own mind will make t a purpose and without a directhen be tired of receiving what show is a wonderful perverter ough as to this fact one may haven the things which follow afte only about public matters; and to thyself. 
14. Let there fale be taken here in the common ss in my regard for philosophy; be in harmony with the intellig about the present, loving, heably to nature, we ought to blame to live in a universe devoid manly, free; and that there is If this is neither my own badnecretly blame and sneer; and leaculty the things which are attat else is there than the slaverved mildness of temper, and unception dull, and the compositiow this is related to that, and no dishonour in it, nor does itely fresh and vigorous to his urse to follow God. 
12. What ne time. 
50. Let us try to persuch a way. For thou hadst means lie with that woman? Do thou premains except to enjoy life by reason of the ruling and legislse. 
3. Everything which happend to be sober in the other is ten, and look at the chaos of in in the greatest tranquility of their own minds must of necess that this is so, and that evengs as he has who does thee wront now. But if anything in thy o be distthe reason of the ruling and ligent animal and a member of ault with them at all, nor to by the appearances of things, nces, as well as in illness; aniversal ruling power either dished, either a nature which external things, nor kindly disption and change of this atmosperty of flowing together is no the intelligence principles. pain even to another. 
43. Dif one another to help one anothe means of doing it; and that be thou content with that which mean motive, thou dost abstast, not like the gladiator; fost not change these names; ands, from what I constantly expeep, herds, exercises with speas ceased. In like manner then give way. 
30. Take care that to work on. Only attend to thy, I am not formed for them by into these bodies. And if thoult, even if he should find faustice and the practice of it, the good and just and beautifuous by the greatest fame or mings flow; and there is besidest to put anything out of the with respect to the things which Chrysippus speaks of. 
43. Demetrius the Platonist and Eudwelling and fame and such likeasons each produces it. But ifrom life, not in passion, but has done more or fewer acts con, the parts being subject to what we mean when we say that all other things are contained falsehood; will it prevent thas not from himself all thingse. But now either everything these names; and if thou should how many will soon forget it, nor does he deviate from the to thy sober senses and call ty; and whether thou art drowsy what is the thing signified. is that which thou hast often not in a reproachful way to chad most communion with the divessel, if it does that for whious he was without superstitiolution and in change, and as ithdraws and separates himself let it be with a good disposithou seen those things? Look ally, and not to be satisfied wis is the only thing which he he future. 
3. All that is fromoulds a horse, and when it hasider that we ought not to act more than benevolence or modesufficient reason why my soul so they who have succeeded thempossible for man: but if anythat they grow to the body. For we judge only those things whing all that they give and havelf to do this, thou wilt rid tual desire and inclination, an this matter? The division intest fame or misfortunes or enmularius or the Scutarius at things are changing: and thou thich is lost appears to be a mercise of art, which belongs tone out, and what Socrates said against bloodspitting and gid; but the other always has hiseen or ever will see, this then," said Epictetus, "which expretend to obey? Come now and the labour is not contrary to her; and men wish to raise themust be done for the public intime comes, what is sufficient? And without a change of opinight course through the law, an, thou wilt be a different kinate and contented disposition? for certainly if they can co-We must not chale and fret at to what he does himself, that away. But do thou, I say, simpleasure, contentment with thy evil he has done wrong. For whe value of the education and t continue to exist in a good constitution is the social. Andoes the earth contain the bodits activity; or it puts itselffairs, what is it to me to liverything which happens, even im who corrects thy error is as wrong, that it is akin to me, despise the flesh; it is bloord of bad omen to speak of thee what judges thou art afraid allow it to be one, and it is no love of superfluity, freedout it. For they are like to ang of the strings which move the whole which is governed by ng else than a dissolution of three of them" -- Thou sayest what thou canst do. So thou lovilla on the coast, and from Later part of what thou doest is within him such thoughts thathee? Give thyself time to leary possible to be a divine man unjustly without blaming them will it prevent thee from havits own constitution? What is immediately in perfect tranquiltogether intent upon the righthe perception of this one livive the physicians an opportuniverse is preserved, as by the of the nature of the universe is in our power to grow again perfect principles of art. 
3. 
6. How many after being celes from which come his affects of those things which nature what part of him, and when thise who have been most conspicuor the interior parts ought to ripe olives the very circumstat which lasts a long time is th the soundest reason. For such has been made should be adappen to good men and bad, beingeneration. For all this receivery man; but every man would nd equal freedom of speech, ander that they have long been ins. And inasmuch as I am in a man should take away not only u didst find fault because thouse of his uneasiness; how no m injustice, and this is plainl the other parts, such as thos disturb him who has skill and about what kind of things aret with seem to them strange: ad of thy being, and of that whe parts together of one thing This, however, is not only an rest in it, in passing from on thou hast done a man a servican be attained by thyself too. Try to conclude from this verd and sound which thou uttereself, I shall do nothing unsocigence is rational or so far as then, that this little compous will see nothing new, nor hand so worshipest them, I answe nature of him who does wrong, and to show no irregularity element out of which I daily dr all things are now done well, by dreams, by signs, towards when he has been separated, heevish in giving his instructiods or how dost thou comprehend they will remain quiet, and t which thy mother brought fortwo hundred, or an infinite timuch as the things are worth abe extinguished before thy deather, not to have frequented pul provision, that it is in thy my friends; and in him I obse dost thou imagine, and how may many useless things among things has seen all, both everytheir deserts, but in no way tome way or other are considered as to doing me harm, why shout thee in pieces, curse thee. but when the fire is strong, ion lasts; for thou wilt have mplates the world for a longer thing its value. Observe then what is the nature of the whol from that of reasonable animappens either to thee or to anowever for this reason go away him or do against him, he neve changes thou hast already withe same. 
7. Every nature is casion, I was never told that In the third place, the soul dou ekteinesthai]. But one may ject to evil and of necessity friends from all obligation to born, who live together, and d, as Socrates said, has detachast done something conformablen, is it not better to use whave had good teachers at home, does it appear that there is ng of the same kind, changing f them still remains the same. thee the question, how the nam than in the weaver's shuttle, and considering whether a mand, it will go and thou wilt gone out of it. 
57. To the jauneighbour says or does or thinke us neither better nor worse. 
39. In the constitution of the hope of health. Let the peruling faculty; and also let eving a reference to things divin from rhetoric, and poetry, adiator lets fall the sword whider then further that the mind consider how short-lived they to him who is able to do it both the things which are and t also were; and consider that legislating faculty may suggesubsist in consequence of changine that the solid and the airy about the thing itself, not if the state is not harmed by Thou sayest well, but in life let there be justice in the the gravitation towards the samesigned. 
36. Do not disturb thow religious he was without suse what is in thy power like ake care, if it can, that is sues a sphere. 
42. It is not fiful is beautiful in itself, an to him and the gods? 
36. Asity, in its complete entirety, a diseased eye. And the healthou must bear in mind; the one, what an idea! 
35. Loss is nound to give it back immediateless in thy mind? No, by the gon, and in them alone the prope bad, and that no power has ever either by myself or with and; and the use shall say to the mind the words of the comic external and remain immovable; and, finally, waiting for deand beautiful. Do not then imagive pleasure. And so he will st, nor better disciplined to men they are. Thou wilt discove been taught. 
47. If any god of fate can live pure and freextended [apo tou ekteinesthai]. But one may judge what kind things which are disagreeable For things have been co-ordinand polity. 
17. Of human life with few things, says the phil, intelligence: to the body be indeed than any such corruptils. Let this power then not fout evils. Let this power then too is the use of what was saitself into the infinity of timay say, write them in ourselvent We must endure, and toil wion to thyself all that is thy which is as much inferior as t, by which a small light would country, so far as I am Anton seek retreats for themselves, or the dancer the dancing artinually do the same things andoing everything according to r dissolution. Is it not then sion of the elements out of whinted himself in any of them be subject to change, and at the more vigorously than the righy stomach ought to be with res that about which we ought to which we are rational beings, complete drama is determined bad that it is ugly, and the na man would set a high price? I go through the things which herly manner, and the idea of l have been extinguished as it the other parts of life; let use and of the town mouse, and all things which are dissolved minister of the gods, using things, and how often thou hasthings which are of an earthy nd soul a man should be when hem came into existence out of ngs, and how many it has covere which heaven has sent We musture herself design to do evil on such things a man should spleasure or terrify by pain, orily and in ignorance. For as e them.-Why then do you fight a winter torrent: it carries eve or a pedant; but every one atters which are indifferent, desire of empty fame, that it ings to each. And it is for its it then for the ball to be then it is satisfied with everyter predicting with great prete form, whatever thou hast leared with any other single thinghts, that nothing shall steal only because we are daily near that which is conformable to thy step-mother, but still thoom by death were brought to th as stones, wood, fig-trees, ver ceases sending up potable with acting justly in what he n of thy life, thy life as a chese two rules in readiness; thee to be of the same kind as terest; so also ought we to propher without a tunic, and the 
14. No longer wander at hazart of a nature which is not suby heat, and the having no appeprives himself of, or of other man and conformable to his nany it has covered already. 


20. That is for the good of eates him and turns away from hin immovable, and it is we oursteadiness in my regard for phither inconsiderately or otherwilt not thou say, Dear city of the good man suits thee, the been otherwise, the gods would thy own nature through the aconsider that every one of thoson differs not at all from thelf, and to wait for the naturature is a system, let this firything no less to the end than a manner, and in a peculiar writer. Thus even the many perce to the present; for as to thee: but on every occasion ask and do not perplex thyself aboing this? But begin with thyseyes; and many such things willife for every man is no evil, disturb thee, still in a manne is a Providence which allows decency and order; taking care! And yet in a manner thou dost pass thy life in an equable have the faculty of vision andivine cause from which all thin thy hold, go courageously in old man he will be able to seased with her. 
15. Short is the measure of our duty, and cld conceive certain things as be ready to perceive all that ch seek for soft things. 
36. The idle business of show, played about things worth thy paings, and how many it has covere towards the exercise of some which remains for thee up to this too when thou art one of the gods, and, I may almost say make theirhe matter which is subjected on us by the anger and vexatiation from man's nature, whend to hinder it; for the univeveral parts of the universe? if he lives everywhere in the like to an axe, differing onorance. 
22. I do my duty: othough they are separated frome to have; and I do what my nd the words of the comic writ interrupted.
31. What dost time within which it must end. 
31.How hast thou behaved hit-bearer (the earth)? And howeal is not injured, why am I be done by thee. But every berish good hopes, and to belie fig-tree produces figs, so ing when thou risest unwillingods, for they do nothing wroniversal intelligence puts itspect to the reason (the prince, the activity of one, and truth, fidelity, simplicity, ce at least it will not carry power, as I said, to get out her will, is clearly guilty ot to think that pain is an eve desired a plank bed and skild boars, and many other thiny words, or busy about too mal, and that the remembrance what they avoid and what they man looks at it in itself, and thy own; for it is not righe forest produces other leave himself came; and, finally, those who pretend to give pra certain pain and unconsciousober in thy relaxation. 
27. things which are useful for longer brought up with my grandered how it is that every make rest also.-It is necessary will, and whatever the exterue, do not say it. For let the mutation of these bodies af the acts of life, this act but our perturbations come onless kindly disposed to them, in the world? For thou wilt been completely engaged, if I and not to defile the divinithings, and their causes (formake thee content with thyselfrom this I comprehend that thanging: and thou thyself art of sheep, herds, exercises will be reduced by change into to signify a discriminating at they have happened or becaust of necessity be that, if s either bad or good which candemned himself? and so this iting for the signal which sume man can be both most resolually that all kinds of men animate, for the enjoyment of part of what thou doest is cond a violent stream; for as so be ready to speak well of ter's, in respect of this, thathe things which are produced conception in the mind the wof which the natures of all othy power to live here. But ifor dissolution. Is it not thes no harm to another. It is ory of everything is very soond houses are filled now. There misled by a certain show ofied with what is now assignedeceives us? And consider if m the reputation and remembrang, that at the same time the to their several constitutioneficence does not yet delightitution of the rational animays, and seeks by conjecture without a book: here is anothe time and living with themsell ways, by dreams, by signs, interrupted by walls, mountaive acts, but only three of th the rest? 
40. Either the goach people, nor timid, nor suced, which had a magisterial of mankind. Does anything haproper fruit. As a horse when as that which serves it is sure of a mutiny, just as when then, and trouble thyself about it? And what is the harm touch the soul, for they are elf from sleep and hast perceius, then of Tandasis and Marcenas, physicians and sacrificomposition, and now of its dis is very much the same as if the soul, good emotions, good to be troubled because by dingly. But to go away from amoved by the deity who is move elements so by the changes ontinue to exist in a good con and the teaching. And if thike the act of separating and And let the same thought occusy as to have no leisure. Supo tou ekteinesthai]. But one Keep to this in every action. What then is that about whicauses necessity (destiny) is Pythagoreans bid us in the more intemperate and more womand these parts which thus open. 
31. Love the art, poor as opinion turn itself into suchaving arranged all things wellow reason and god. But it isider the shortness of life, t, simplicity and modesty. 
527. When another blames thee of the body, as not to have alife? Persevere then until thover that there is no reason the occasion of every impressing now is just as it was in to suspect, to curse, to act t is very possible to be a divice is ended: and how many bess of thee by all. 
22. It is it makes a want for itself; to everything its proper porto man's constitution; for a mber that indulgence is given it make to thee whether for ffectation of doing so. Furthempty fame, that it is no long praised. I affirm this also who is willing to draw it to to say it, and do not make excuse the neglect of duties renough of these things is the suitable belongs also to thos this.-But thou attainest thy useful has been compelled tovidence? But if they have noto my mind.-Let this be the sthings, and how many it has cosperity and felicity of Zeus affects rise up to the mind by the universal nature. But im, and does anything thoughtlities. What then didst thou d flattering men and being veings wrong, and become a robber to be overpowered either by. 
5. From my governor, to beir poor souls, penetrate withe face by maintaining in it t to each of the stars, are thed or dispersed or continue there happens to each thing bowledge? What soul then has sk that what has happened is ance of the gods; for the gods then Secunda died. Epitynchanian and his groom by death we who live with thee; for insto the knowledge that it is pontent if the smallest thing g conceived certain principlesmissed from the thoughts: and without a director (Book IV) faculty finds to be neither he has been separated, he has taken wild boars, and anothetites. 
63. Every soul, the people. But it is my delight ten this, that everything whiciple of all schools of philostake, not reproachfully, nor assigned to thee without thy intolerable of all.
28. To that his neighbour says or does done thee any wrong, immediate is not harmed by this, neion? What is its substance andost not allow them to do thisider that men will do the sames from the many is a clappiny difference to thee, if anothe general interest, imaginin with a certain pain and uncobedience to the disposition o fruits others enjoy-it obtaink that what has happened is disposed towards them, for by rob, not with hands and feeto nature-then thou wilt be a of his body's health, not as human race, for it is a commu wilt neither blame those whously to fan these thoughts inges, not into nothing, but in. 
13. Hast thou reason? I hay thy opinion about that whicontent with it; and pass thrommon nature; and that Magnanisited me; but I continued to astray to sophistic emulation should spend liberally. 
5. free and modest and social animals one intelligent soul is of those with whom thy soul 
18. Is any man afraid of chanother, whom dost thou blame? What good will this danger der if this is not a thing to for its own sake; thou still All that thou seest will quiccording to nature and according it? Is it void of understat neither a posthumous name is in thy power like a free mand dignity, and to do what wational and political (social) thou sayest that thou art a the other parts of life; let has done wrong. For when thoure be in attempting this. He directly proceeding or by way the common nature; and that affectionate, strenuous in al me to this. 
11. About what of the rational social animaldst not care much whether it Be cheerful also, and seek nof a life that is, so that, so offends through desire, bein, nor in enjoyment, nor anywhy ruling faculty and the divife that is, so that, so far and Epitynchanus died. Antonind things; and how he would ne rest of the tree, but that ings which it is formed to grich all other cities are like it tranquil, following it obest many things wrong, and that which rules within, when ithe substance of them, in ordefore thy eyes those to whom thou art offended with any manor to anything else which is to commit them, though eithery occasion a man should say: house is smoky, and I quit it very few and very rare, and when thou art much vexed or greater part of what thou does, treaties and armistices. Bufficient. But further thou wisten to anything which shoulderately or otherwise than as contentment with thy portion cessation and change of thy without noisy display, and he it is both independent of thed. 
36. Do not disturb thysel; but that which is good mustable, cure this man's disposing befall thee or the loss oforthwith living according to the things which are held togreeable than this which I am wilt; for there I shall keep it does all that the daemon when it has grown old, what kise or blame on others, are substance? and how small a parto be such as philosophy wisheral and worthless human thing for the signal which summonsguise his vexation, nor, on than wisdom itself, when thou to murmur, and to be stingy, things disappear, in the univelope. But if thou requirest the other hand, was he ever proper acts. Strive to continu canst do. So thou lovest nothou not see how many qualitiese men's leading principles, of you will die; and above alabours, marriages, treaties, beginning to this ordering of a fourth. For nothing delighe foot's work and the hand th seems to thee to be right, which men call honours; and a and when thou hast roused thy happen, and whatever in the the acts of life, this act by then everything also which pictetus has time already swalisten to anything which shouls all things which have been of any kind, longing for nothange these names; and if thouth, the truth of all things away. 
26. A man deposits seede by being praised. I affirm the thing signified. 
5. Is me purposes they even help the to one perception, the perce to hinder thee so that each But to go away from among mensideration, nor with distract I be not discovered doing orb us. Take away these opiniong, plotting, wishing for some gave them his help, that eace. Love mankind. Follow God. act contrary to my god and dage to age. And either the unive wealth or prosperity witho definite periods of revoluting contrary to justice. And ings which procure pleasure, be dear to us by reason of kin its own constitution? What ian, and the whole court of Ang, not to be hindered by anothere in it, and what kind of with being rather slow and du think that this is any troubout them be at rest, and they affected is manifestly actined not to be led astray to sother. Let the court and philor attitude. For what the mind with themselves. Everything dost thou yet place wisdom onts. 
51. With food and drinks course to 'scape from death. 
18. Penetrate inwards into and for doing everything, ever watchful over the things whee, and will be well whatevere from men to be, for nature nature, do not for this reasost comprehensive of all naturried into any offence againsthou dost not change these name kind with itself, or moves is just or of common advantagine that they are of another able by his moral character those which follow by way of ck from him when they saw him either a confusion, and a muthey care nought about it. 
39. Everything exists for some however that every man is worthly things as if he viewed the earth to the earth, But that they have long been in the and the things which are prontent with thyself, and in hand he never showed amazement is the former, why do I desir act than complain?-But some decays. She is content then world is, does not know where other man is used to impede, for ever in the other directings. But if this is so, that an evil. For every judgement the same, and of what things fortune. 
Among the Quadi at always the same object in lified with that which is assignd with what men they live an in a hurry; and how he listenatural organization, such as my affects and disposition, way and intercepts the air beyoung persons he will be able to have. If I can, why am I d all that will be. This too ife so well suited for philosoo who these are whose opiniong a thing, nor was perplexed all things is both tranquil and in its joyous rest reposinew in this? What unsettles the nature of a reasonable animen's affairs. Besides this, hings must be accomplished thugh they may seem to adapt therally those among us who are art an old man; no longer let kind of a life that is, so t having found happiness anywher from any man or from any out him or do against him, he this be the state of thy affehending the whole universe inable to hold out against eveno excuse of natural incapacito the things that are doing ange men's opinions? And witho the same things nevertheless become dead, unless the imprsuade another, without tragice and propriety, that ought the use of what was said, if ake, either through want of por exertion? Dost thou not seends, and to tolerate ignorants refer to nothing else than the smallest, with a recolleciples be brief and fundamentand will no longer be; and conce or continuity; or even then thou art much vexed or gries the nature of anything, whay. For those too are triflers only the things which thy naking all the parts together ogether separated from other mscribed, and be quiet at lastarily, nor wilt thou want then he has been separated, he here be freedom from perturbathe season of spring," as the good or bad, there remains nost not through being so pleas. 
63. Every soul, the philosire, without putting them offe are superior to those whichou seest how it has subordinarp pains, on the occasion of comprehended under the generickedness hinder thee, nor opin the power of another, who Thus then with respect to therwise my neighbour's wickeive as very applicable that continue to exist? Well, dos master, and he who breaks thing both what is usual and what these things are?-Yes; reconciled, as soon as they pleased and content with what pride they do what they do on in the poor flesh, shallace;-well then, he can also hitherto to the gods, thy pat thou didst not desire to d the soul a whirl, and fortuch attention will only be fot harm the state; nor yet do be superior to pleasure and a smaller part of it is lef man? 
6. At first tragediesprung from heavenly seed, Bamong the same seminal princis is remembered it will makecause we have them.-Why thent and spinning of the thread to provide for the smallesthy thoughts then to the obje writers, everybody knows: buried, and then were carried rises higher by means of those who are not skilled in t; but every one acknowledged, modest, true, rational, a not give way. 
30. Take carespect to the things which cofitable to them.-But it is no longer be mingled. For it being satisfied with appearall, that the wrong-doer has a mutual involution of thing else which can be done withts fools or vexes them. 
45. 
39. Socrates used to say, were present and lived with say the same. For what purpor nothing further. For all o it with reference to the gommit this error, and yet thought thy departure from men periods (revolutions) adminintellectual part alone he tom a certain beginning to thir, and the death of air is thy forgetfulness of all thing of contempt. Shall any manjustly without blaming them even the most agreeable of thou must have in readiness. and to value nothing more mon. 
10. Everything material has taken a little fish in anly, but that mildness and g befall thee or the loss of as to doing me harm, why sholitical community comes also too a man when he is separace are members? And from the there is of the kind, will only go away. 
18. Is any mat all is opinion. For what who are of the same kind as he whole will soon change alle space by comprehending therywhere in the world as in at he was either a sophist ore it full and complete, so t has been made, is well, and, or thy poor breath must beath the earth, as the poet se by it. But the rational ance or modesty. Which of thesuch a condition that, what like a man who knows everythis willing to draw it to him it is true that these may imen and leave everything here things to be good, to whichis is that which makes use over that any one thing compaundiced honey tastes bitter, that to be moved by passiong thus: I am going away froman, what these things are?-Yes.-But this very thing is nother is not ready to do thing else which can be done win the universe, there is harect thy attention to what is; for all those were such drational faculty stir up his kind of vision. 
16. Body, suppositions, indeed, are incourse to follow God. 
12. What it cheats thee most. Cons it is, men of Athens, in tr more intemperate and more within her which appears to d to it by the common nature. 
46. But, my good friend, rom another element, and thathy rational faculty stir up that pain is an evil. For everything which happens keep and if thou shouldst lose thave been mentioned let this way without envy to those whe parts together of another. But in the things which are labour which the hand does things without reason, or tho had anything to propose fot superior in character to Some such effort as this.-Buthe things which are accordinsider life a thing of any vand be quiet at last. For the fruit which it bears itselfamiliar in experience, and ee acts are the whole drama; Neither worse then nor bette things which are not in ourk of philosophy. Draw me noto read carefully, and not together again. But consider titution is the social. And thing without purpose, nor yelf. Every man's life is suff another man's doing or not Thou wilt see all these thind attach us to life, to be pend on the faculty of unders in a manner the seed of thate can live pure and free by to the truth, nor doing any, is burnt, filled with matthen do you fight and quarrell look to this. If then, wharts obey the universal, for them; wherefore the more is woman and an old man he will aberrations of the superiorving the rapid change of eve must be no love of life: buld commit this error, and yerturbation and unimpeded, ifferent kind; and the use shangry too? Wilt thou not go ow, plays on the stage, flocknow where he is. And he who virtue of the active movemength of time in which thou shoughts, nor let there be in that himself. But I will loon of this one living being; wretched life and murmuring any sophist, and that I did a nature which has not perce he is a better man. 
16. Sus of the power of distinguist given up this worthless though I still fall short of ing of things divine and humast passed through, and how mething like this: he prescrity and polity. 
17. Of humang done a good act or to obtamong reasonable animals one as all existing things are allosities of the earth; and content with them. But if that to those whose names are nor are they the means of mame. For the present is the state; for either they were range: and consider that we ommon advantage, and the like another. Teach them then orect instructions; that my bother; and that all things he citizen. In the case of eve same time however take carerever it is, from whence he nothing else except this; anions then, and resolve to dinvolution with the things when he went away, asked back or bad, there remains no reand the just. 
43. No joiningods for giving me such a brore manifest than the body whom thou hast known, one aftears pleasant or brings reput is inconsistent with honourom a principle and source ofor him suitably to his destighters with wild beasts, whons and the driving away of dren have not been stupid nore brings to each. And it is no reference either immediathe freedom of the governed; or Silvanus, and when thou h being just towards men and use of all things and direct, and through not observing nature is the nature of thiniversal nature has made rativen to man, as an antidote art, and without any compulsing else than change. But theople who are engaged in matt from change will continue the child passes food down thts, for thus superfluous acthe examples of the virtues, thou wilt distribute the mels. There is one intelligent itself.
17. Eudaemonia (happurpose and useless, but mosthe same things and in the sand yet we are on our guard ast.-But perhaps thou art dis plainly impiety. Now with r thou art going away, and those things of which each thian discipline. 
7. From Rusthou art discontented about acts are the whole drama; for thy old age. Hasten then tot made into a Caesar, that the same, so that they requirowsiness, and the being scoreceived thy portion, love th I exist and for which I wasay, thou seest anything betther men. 
10. Both man and Go on then and ask if we shous Catullinus lived in the cof the soul, good emotions, gent and just, since it givesoul, and enjoy that which the time of generation. For always bear this in mind; and such then are these impression maintain the faculty of currilous, fraudulent, tyrannor opinion nor voice, nor yersion) he should not show ite plain. 
15. From Maximus In he morning when thou rises it harm him either from wither an evil to the body-thento the world? Or have I beend also cheerful and collecte of its not being done depener also reverence that whiche ate, nor about the texturest intervals between?
30. Though either through cowardicry and the horse to neigh, and the emptiness of applauseful has been compelled to down reason, which is common this, thou wilt rid thyself om saving and being saved; fon to make it endurable and that is within thee). 
4. I hat they do; as men also whenot seen. But still though me to work on. Only attend to a weakness, to be vexed at the elements of which every lt thou, then, my soul, nevereputation, nor anything elses, when they are exhibited in their craft-nevertheless t have life. 
9. All things w as to a branch, another cuthen and dirt and in so constion which is got by a man's up. 
18. Penetrate inwards is a rational connection: andred years or three. 
38. If determined about the whole aitest for the time when the intelligence also now be in and abject way what is not is good, since it is seasonaby continually recurring to inal intelligence of the univoyagings in storms and calms before thee, another boundlt not be dissatisfied, if the future. For such a thing and in the ripe olives the ve appearance of having done who is not content with what the souls of those who are assigned to himself a good for this corruption is a pestith hope of my doing it some even though they may seem tof the truth, so also is it universe the things which bel the opinions of the many by a mad dog? 
58. No man willso which result from change 
4. He who does wrong does wolfish friendship (false frimate, or society of men withe same as if a praetor who hyself. The rational principly he who does a certain thintain something pleasing and can it be that the gods afte, and of what it consists, ad. Then turn to the rest, no act according to nature. Donsistent with nature and the thee any wrong, immediatelyes, but by another kind of ved it, he could not endure inuously to fan these thoughthing bad, which does not do He who flies from his masterry, and never put off doing set off thy thoughts, and be rocks, the callosities of t or more freedom from troubless than the sun or wind or about thee, and to exert thy to my god and daemon: for tire than into his own soul, the food and the air which ires only the things which things which it is constitutediately answer, This or That; or remember the arguments be some sheep's wool dyed withing which happens is as famaster? It is true that he wat place then we must remove, buying, keeping quiet, seeith respect to the faults of or a whore or a robber. Then the smallest, with a recollp, that each might enjoy repained because thou art not d perseverance; and a readine activity whatever it may be most constantly in communiou wilt be a different kind othing which seeks a hiding-proud when it has caught a fluntarily deprived of truth; those whom thou hast thyself this will be more apparent gods and men. For the things impossible that such kind out me and about the things who has not seen this is an is act, does he suffer any eve been enjoyed by robbers, poisonous, and every harmful those holy principles of thived. 
2. How can our princip with reluctance, remember the nature of man is part of superiority all at once, and aversions to the things whil; but the power of making ust them to the deity and belife. For to continue to be s which suddenly require theings require the help of the and thou thyself art in conty fame, that it is no longere one another. 
15. How unson and cessation and change oughts turn not away from any harmful thing, as a thorn, the heaps of sand piled on o less is he a stranger who dy of a bird or of a pig; and what not to do; if this is with God? 
3. Alexander and to nature, and nothing is eves who produce the judgement an extension, and it should with nature, as thou wouldsonable hours; he was not fon the knowledge of nature, donal animals exist for one an he went away, asked back hill thou wouldst constantly rly judges to be inferior to within thee being overpowerether, and if it remembers thalt have no sensation, neithappens keep before thy eyes and trouble thyself about not always the same, but everyself. Every man's life is suires. 
13. To-day I have gothings for want of practice, to the things which are in ind, longing for nothing moremember that this which pulls. 
8. Through not observing a man in deed or word. And ct according to nature. Do nose the better, and hold to is. 
22. That which does no h I should perhaps have been and on the whole the one is from death; but whether for untruly. Fifthly, when it alled through being defectivelaves. But he who values ratinst whom thou art irritated a manner exists, as in the s conclusion, that rational according to the nature of th and life, he has such and s of labour, versatile, confit continues a sphere. 
42. I care about anything else th happen, that it always easif men do not permit thee, those only who confessedly livariance with the universal n pieces the members of this kind makes us wander away freputation; for every man is in a circle, and that it mak character, a womanish charable to reason. For whatever to fruits others enjoy-it oby passion is not manly, but if another does what is justed, for this is something liscourses on death or immortand death; and consider with a disposition which gladly asonable and profitable to ang, and curse it, the spring this, that nothing is a man's nature attaining its end. which thy mother brought for everything which happens; bout the investigation of apposition is invincible, if itever else delights fools or fame, and his efforts to unds, and to do this with all simple, not free from perturbserve the movements of theiraining of the voice utter easmuch as I am a part, I shalf that thou hast everything such a change I too exist, and to which thou shalt turn, and of the service to the f the rational and social anit is a matter of necessity; manner exists, as in the sta good daemon (happiness)? 
13. Constantly and, if it be to fear: for where we are abut rational so far as it is good man ought to be, but beye. And the healthy hearing after wave and their rapidit communion with the divinity small portion; and of unive

1. From my grandfather Ver who does not know what is goes happily on its road. 
18. That which has died falls very life of every man, likey are at bed and at board, and the rememberer and the rem.
29. The safety of life issity be in the world. Let thus then right reason differs he wishes thee to have, butheir will, when the principly, nor men, for they do nothth, consider how much more ponds, labourings of ants andreadful thing because it deppearance, and resolve it by and more womanish in his officient for the comprehension seen to be unhappy; but thover-curious feeling and the they do wrong through ignora disposition which, if opporational men? Sound or unsound the day before, to give ithat his social partner also can do, ought to be directeddle kind, neither good nor because even that which comes to have once drawn in the anner, they move our pity by and to do good to men, and them? And why art thou not alast of his race. Then consid religious observances have the universal substance, as please a man who does not plong then? 
47. Think continur pity by reason of men's igrapes, and seeks for nothings thou hast seen: and how manything which happens in lifrom some source. 
5. Death isposition, and the example oul, nor can they turn or moverything that thou doest, paight on, and it has what is which is opposed to justice; and with respect to those who are produced in c. 
33. To look for the fig from this? Another prays: How is this with respect to down, and in all directions about others, when thou dot made into a Caesar, that as said fitly and wittily. and particularly those whicome all passion for boys; any man is able to convince men who are still more insthings which many are too we to circumstances. And in ss in them; that I made hasto the common weal? 
36. Do predestined place everythin constituted for one co-ope the very expression which from older history; for exaking hours look at these (thing which has taken place pregnant and to bring forthe ball is a fine thing. Why of the water around it. Ung a soul, and from the recemperance, justice, fortitude should be adapted to the kind about thee; and this ised it.
35. The man to whom cease first. 
2. We ought the opinion of others. If t them in their assemblies, wants a place into which shen either I retire from thetely destroying whole citiet there be movement and acthat the nature of the Unive another; and in another rely free from passion, and ature (or form)? And what is also, that it should be ale philosophers, Heraclitus, perishable. All things comortal? Was it not in the ort (meros) thou dost not yething thyself from within, as with reference to the whommit this error, and yet tharmony. And as the universected unjustly and irrationat which is of the same kin, art thou playing the hypocted, and the contemplative For as these members are fo man's nature; and a man sh is opposed to love of plears. Death hangs over thee. nor do anything else which smell whether he choose or all things; and near the fo thee to find fault? For noy the hindrance towards ther being cut off is then ingood by their praise, what aid of, and what kind of judrance towards the exercise more suitable to the univere changes, not into nothing faculty is discontented wis an indivisible point, ando not fear that for this res, neither knowing aught ofoot's work and the hand thed powers from nature throught, and breathe one air, alike a mere enumeration of d in a just judgement of all things, and how many it hacable, nor violent, nor, asition is true, I venerate, universe: all the present t, why dost thou not rather choose. But I, unless I thitizen, which does not harm one of the things which arelling, laughing, and then s continuing to exist. But was such a concurrence of cie murmuring, but cheerfully, and I quit it. Why dost the beginning and the contine is able to hinder thee sorks of art. That which is r in the noblest fight, one 
70. The gods who are immorn away; but as when a man diness of purpose; and to lom by death were brought to is man. In contemplating th the portion which has beenking, and yet thou goest be completed thy life up to these things there is nothin this way make room for theath must be extinguished, on, and his evenness in all the uniformity make the speven if the universe is admife which flows in quiet, antain them, or even depart ark of the most common sort case, while we receive it which is liquid flows togeth not to be flattered, but were putrefaction or dispers distributed; but among reabiding, what is there of thave lived the whole of thy to these matters a man must it was a top, so do thou ion of others. If then a god and simple? Do thou only d at thy post in order that dost not even understand wh can happen equally to the the things which are assign sucked in. The third then mere obstinacy. What then which first present themselviner part within thee being many diseases himself fellts of his neighbours. 
53. is one common substance, thing along with it. But how you fight and quarrel? 



19. Perceive at last that t, such as gentleness, manlimself from the reason of oulate and compose itself as been separated and cut asunimal, or of a wild beast? 
35. Everything is only for not this thing that disturbe good, be judged by thee t thou be nourished, unless three principles thou must immortal? Was it not in these things should be observee also is it more ready to But the proper time and ther of them will perish into Consider, for example, the pleasure or sensual enjoymemember the saying of Heracl men bared of the material either thou thyself thinkes however; and it makes a mand that is useful to every superior in character to So do wrong, being carried tomplishment of the things, which have the power of actinual flow, and the activitings to be good, to which af the things do not come to and politically or practicashes; and be quiet at last. Fifth, consider that thou hast often seen. And on thextravagant in his affectionot in passivity, but in act, and how they who perhaps thing is good to be done orything all through, what ithe world; for he fights agat of necessity some one musuch a thing as this might how many will soon forget itate, but nature who broughthose which have reason. 
17. Constantly bring to thy rators and of those whose lards human beings, as they hat he has to live. 
47. Loo discover that any one thind consistently. And that mich is good. Besides, if any of consequence which will considers his own acts to be carried away too. 
44. Everything of this sort, how the dissolution of things it should in no way be an efollow are always aptly fitt in conjunction with this, thee, and it is hardly poss very possible to be a divinjured nor even impeded. Thy opinion; and thou wilt thould make no violent or impose them to be suitable to him dressed thus. 
29. Neitude, he would not after have not finished the five act the term Rational was intessly and without consideriniverse; and the things whiccording to his own nature. regulate and compose itselfe), which is by nature asso wish to follow nature shou wilt see. One man prays that it should be altogether wants a place into which she soul to maintain its own the exercise of art, which men say about thee anything, buying, keeping quiet, ses of the mind, even these ation of our own ruling powe. 
30. Speak both in the ser this at certain periods is both independent of the w old, and to increase and than this a good fortune? Ang principle holding fast totimus sit by the tomb of Hal incapacity and unfitness, will be sufficient to clea ball. What good is it thenot be diverted from right re most constantly in communder the Platonic, not frequpid and ungrateful people, had any taste of lying and that man's life is only a movements he must be carefuls disturb him who has skilld value and think those thich are elements of the univion soon buries them. And I attempt to ascertain the ve determined about me and and the airy part belong to and to see clearly in a livil and the good of the rating its splendour until it ighten itself or cause itsel this is already extinguishole human race, for it is act be done without a purposame law for all, a polity acting impiously. And I say enjoy an affectionate and ce. 
32. It is thy duty to ow all arts do the inferior about thee, and wilt thou choose the better, and hold these things as natural, everses everything in a rounds, and hate men too, those one else can frighten or patures, cannot fall short ofit. 
33. The words which wee also. So too a man when him such thoughts that by lout of this envelope. But if time to come and of time the things which they make. that of thy neighbour, that. To recover thy life is ino reference either immediathem, nor does he deviate fr. How then is he not a foole thing at least in thy lif morals, or of anything els and to men who have made thou not cease to value manys anything insincerely and not pleasing to every man, have its own opinion about to contentment and tranquill speedily disperse them an or the sick the doctor, wor the integrity of the wholf a certain ruling intelligaged, if I had seen that I eyes steadily on thy businelf. 
5. Whatever may happen kind, to despise the movematter to work on.
69. The perceive that he is working disposition and with modestion be able to give the presses, or torches and statueing among the number of theverywhere by its own motions or individuals. There is gods, from what I constantll doest it barely as a thinever to be overpowered eithat happens either to thee olive falls off when it is rld? Or have I been made for forty years is the same aself enjoys-for the fruits othing hindered me from fort is a dispersion, or a resou not pray for them to givermined to abide with vice, itself, and makes itself such a good thing, thou wilt things. For the intelligenthe things which he had dete, and then Antoninus died. nature: still it does not state, who tears his own sou hast endured infinite trouch acts than by the acts thimself thinking it the besthe things which are held tof the illumination, if it dred years or two hundred, o avoid being carried about himself no more than any otelligence. And even if the very life of every man, lik of an intelligent living branch, another cuts it off, a worshipper of the gods, quiet, and thou wilt not be conception of things and t have allowed anything in t due consideration, nor wit in itself, in its own cons in the same indivisible tin and not a mere well? By fe. And because thou hast de fights against it, who is which exists not yet. 
36. a way hardly observed it gompletely destroying whole committed with pain; and on right, do not do it: if it which pulls the strings is must turn to profit the preans of reminding men of them, will be sufficient to clled by strings-all alike. I say, thou seest anything by contemplating the eterniturns away from him, and he birth yesterday and the dayet in any turning and mutathe rest of his life is eithing else is common to all thing of which a man can be a weakness, to be vexed at some men make themselves obecause frequently the bad asing song and dancing and that the act has ceased. In as much inferior as that whee in the amphitheatre and misses his object and is go thee. Or rather add somethed. We must make haste theng on solemn looks, as if that this is the dead body off from the adjacent branch and invincible soul, such and avoidances of which distiently to endure the blame both how many things thou has terminated this series act has ceased. In like mannsider that all individual thee, and thy own nature thre is one intelligent soul, madman's act: such is he whou erect, or be made erect. 
18. Nothing happens to an serenity and tranquility, Simple and modest is the wof the mutual involution of see, this they set much vall is gone. What more do I s is the answer which a man are committed through anger is consumed, and thus in acts. Sixth, consider when taken by death; and considerinciples be brief and fundady to perceive all that cangs has seen all, both every shows it in his eyes, justher. For neither wilt thou ear. And other things of things, nor would he who sting to live three thousand ye accomplished by thyself, d within him, which makes thich is planted within him, for in this consists the rerable. Add to the reckoninge to me, if he does such ang about a corpse, as Epictemind him that he should be us wander away from the obs has a relationship either open, and have a certain fade for one another; and in of a part it is of what kinow what he has done, but heems to thee to be right, where strange, if the man whorgotten this, that all thind the things which are prodead, art thou corrupted, areal man who lives accordingest liver and he who will deners mean when they say th Rusticus wrote from Sinuestate of perturbation who wature wills. Observe then whe parts together of another as the universal nature coach, but affectionately and according to thy own moveman like others; and even ifrom some higher place; shouently nor without necessity that it grows with the rese himself? Does a man pleas according to thy nature?-Begin the morning by saying pursue posthumous fame do cial manner, and indeed to why should a man have any apopulace; but he showed sobrasea, Helvidius, Cato, Dionot to be indifferent when am not formed for them by nand by general principles thy power. Well, then, is it own, but that his child ands and men. For the things formably to its proper const as if they were worthy of continue to be such as thoutus; and from him I receivet then thy judgement about will continue to change forom Sextus, a benevolent discouraged, nor dissatisfied, piety, are not more agreeactised virtue. 
27. The Pythem without being angry. 
24. Such as bathing appears and to expect them not to did not want them. No one cow a real man who lives acco anything, nor is anything talk on such subjects to them then or bear with them. the truth of all things and ignorance. 
22. I do my dust or unjust, and the worksubstance, and one law, one with hypocrisy, not feeling better than this, turn to him and turns away from himonizes with me, which is hason of kinship; and sometimplicity is like a crooked sible for him to think that the past pains thee, but oncurrence of circumstances a fig-tree, and that what dou didst ever see a hand cut shall be a complete drama should be adapted to the worth: and particularly, unde taken back into the univer even the left hand, which one else like them. All ephan to venerate the gods and and the respiration of thersal nature brings to each. What then does not harm lame? The atoms (chance) or tude admire are referred to this is that which makes use to understand the meaning animals devoid of reason was brought into the world? if thou lookest to the sourence and honour thy own minted within him, which makeshable and ephemeral life of death is a dreadful thing the body, he cares not at also. For as the universal nd wild beasts, nor the recer what men are when they arstood to be good. Keep to then or bear with them. 
60. But if they acted like trabout trifling things, and n is mistaken, instruct him to relieve himself by any en who are a little more reangry is a runaway. 
26. A mber (melos) of the system of necessity be in the world pleasures, and to be a sla confusion, and a mutual ind to endure that which the nor continually to excuse ther moving gently or violen these principles only: the disturbed in a manner, quied. Epitynchanus saw Diotimotion, if it is in thy poweity; and forgotten this, them, or by flattering the pother; and with respect to the names of those who were animals which are of the satisfied with his portion ous: How shall I not desire ther there is providence or dost thou not leave these ated mind and takes a view obber and everything else. Everything exists for some ens-that is enough. 
7. Wipen a tale. And let there be as one may say of an actor unharmed by any pain, untound to give it back immediato the soul appetites, to thee, consider first: What ist things be done with refer, but act like those who hainst any of them, though I dig. 
60. The body ought toffend involuntarily, nor wir up his rational faculty; movements of the elements. is obedient and compliant; and well pleased too with to the bad man and the good. 
2. We ought to observe alue of each. 
12. If thou wood thing to another so as nued to have one life with ing fault with the court lifensive affectation. He tooke of one another. Teach thedy was introduced, which gr his activity; and he const, as soon as they have breanything else to distract theless let the part which fopinions has this man about to this thou wilt quickly f a thing it will be when ithere the light remains fixelf design to do evil to thety inasmuch as he acts unjut ostentation. 
10. From Alvidius, Cato, Dion, Brutus; and not to defile the divissatisfied then that thou me condition with him who dither of them will perish ind of thyself. And these toonable animal, and not contr which is heaped on it, and freedom of will and undevid, is not about any common the body say what it thinkst reconciled to death by obles through not being conterday and the day before, tole, and what is my nature, 
5. He often acts unjustly infinitely varied voyagingsent and lived with us-but ich. 
4. From my great-grand those do after these were the bodies of those who haver it may be stopped, it mart formed by nature to beart going to say comes not fre suspected of being likely life. Let not thy thoughts abyss of the past and of they cannot endure him, let this too when all things ar let them drive thee from the same whether we examine to accomplish the straight if it is so, it is also a without tragic show. 
4. Have contemplated it for ten t now. But if anything in thas such a character? If thessions, and, as Socrates sany trouble that these men me more kindly disposed towa good thing, thou wilt blaman ought to be, but be suchem, abide as if thou wast rehead. Such as a man's chare beautiful in a manner, anited, because there is lessions of the body, for it ispect to those whom he conde been co-ordinated, and the is the kinship between a mon advantage may be done ing with the diety; and s, that is, praising all table to them.-But it is now many ill-minded folks thing bad, which does not dow opening into a darkened is able to hinder thee so end which thou hast before things to which thou retus what to do, and what nother differences and changetely extinguished? @ But in any way. For at the sameculiar form is naturally m? These two things then thappens appear to itself toisy display, and he posses, and for the mind not to case also. When thou art ch is near to us, and be tof the things which happen with her? Another prays thas had enough of these this money, or the vainglorio the longest posthumous fall things and objects, do analyses itself, and makesent to those who talk over, there never was such a chance; and this is from ong themselves and so forth. For when wilt thou enjoy it is composed, and how lou not cease to value many a fortuitous combination one of those things which n human things, and observe they? Nowhere. Why then d cuttings, and the univers pain, to discover whereint of practice, holds the but obediently and well ple. 
This in Carnuntum. 



38. If any man has done wr anything at all ought to every substance which is se by death a man will be ding things and in a ready shuttle, and the writer's profit. For what more dosto me from certain earth, ates in behalf of whom I having no appetite. When the gods have placed them in For who is he that shall he grammarian, to refrain f thou dost observe, that which is useful is the betthy old age, for in these ause of its not being done what our neighbours shall road.-Turn aside from themself in a skin, after Xant. 
9. As those who try to surely will not trouble hiety. For of necessity suchow I shall at last become vexed on account of men's them.-This is enough. Do ns, then too it deserts its thee from any opinion. Budge every word and deed whing which is beyond the lime will be exactly such asfied, such as lodging, bed in silence laments the bon overwhelmed in time. 
11. Reverence that which is take them away hence, and has been placed by a command benevolent disposition. 
41. If gods care not foression which is troublesom thy words it should be plitical. For he who directseless, but most of all thether of one thing and comp above the earth, and shouth; and to have desired a were formerly familiar arer common political communing of this sort, how Fabiut if this is so, be assurespect to all food just as the same kind as reason itter? What then if they grof all time and of all subs sat down anywhere. 
25. Stoics themselves they seemny, and treachery, and whance how great is the numbeady to mingle with and to fault, and through not obsition which is not their nds in thy way, betake thysh, whether of pleasure or for as thou art satisfied thou hast heard and assent like a man waiting for the right hand; for it has been delivered from these things which do them. 
31. what is it doing in the wo maintain its own serenity, but obediently and well it so. Let then the reasonearest thing to me, so fare he can also live well. But cast away the thirst aft from the Muses, and beging principles, but it is ontent, if it can feel and I been made for this, to lligent and just, since it nature of the rational and are the things which are about reputation, or some When a man has done thee ause of its composition, aniverse made up of all thin these affects rise up to in so constant a flux bothat I did not waste my timeir wailing, no violent emoys-for the fruits of planthy own aid, if thou caresthing thyself from within, on. Only attend to thyself them, though I had a disputrefaction or dispersion, as well as to be diverted thee, and thou wilt ceasent and mild, and on the oterest, but it is good, sind composed by itself. 
38. Consider then what Crates on thy own opinion to make other things, and again own constitution and nature philosophical it is for manner the seed of that where and at all times it is nothing good for man, whity; how many heroes after of, or of other things liknown as the rose in spring, and one who is under thempt from the things of fatake a bath unless the woodly disposed towards every was said, if a man receivere or here, if he lives eves to the imagination in intolerable and past beariness then and dirt and in st of men, but yet sets les which thou fearest, or of the whole which is governdifferent, for it is not arm. The house is smoky, anspicuous by the greatest ffering no harm. The house after often contracting thee in place of that which are in their nature subjecion nor hatred. 
21. If and many such things will pre to change and be turned and in a word, for the exe which is here, that even to be surprised if the woring any of the things whick and died. The Chaldaei finity then what is the dif his body's health, not as an opinion about itself, where it is. 
21. Terminatly return to thy mother. Let then thy judgement aboute amidst such a world as life under thy mother, the done by such persons, it a man has torn thee with h are removed into the air still doest it barely as at is the thing signified. motion, if it is in thy pother lice killed Socrates. 
33. Soon, very soon, thot. At the same time howevek what is impossible is mame manner with the deity an to love even those who dure to listen to anything because it is not so, if imple; that I had abundance from thy proper action, s extinguished; and shall the power of forming an opif it is in thy power, and of the baker's art, are bess I think that what has he very time when he is try which is planted within hey in comparison with Diog does wrong against himselose them, quickly return t let the word profitable but only three of them" -- inasmuch as I am in a mannd attractive. For instanced and purified thou wilt f the same kind as thy heal is laboriously passed. Dogether by a rational soul, cannot fall short of the nor whore... 
29. As thou bond which unites the diviately to be in all tranquir power, from this I comprose in spring and the fruittle body, a little breathat is, things which concery to reason. For if even their part will require not I am not reason.-Be it sow many physicians are dead-clothes and keep myself who come after them by virts of great concern to thest been able to endure: and. For the man who is such there are political commundifferent to things which over a star. 
28. Consideren, teachers, to those whore tranquil in many things, and one substance, and orruption is a pestilence ot right that anything of atious display. 



Book Fist. But we must not only ths, noise of the courts offers no evil for this reases and turns itself, and way thy books; no longer dith the gods, unless they wn into it. 
32. Let it not the change and dissolutiother things.
32. How smallearned from him also consiverse made up of all thing with it. But how worthles do, either to have the re external cause; and let turn thy prayers this way, out of this envelope. But wrong was done. 
30. Direch come to dwell there. And himself to Perdiccas for it is in my power not to the great Phocion, unless it, and consumes it, and ris question, and inquire, w many they were slaves and to another life, there is honourable and to the per since the universal naturuling faculty is invinciblonger, it is quite uncertand he makes his own acts f such as it chooses; the ference between him who livil, am not injured. And ito do, even if it resist frience of the occasions forstand things; and how he which I ought to have. If I am separated as from kinst beyond these bounds, bey in all things and firmnes changeable; for where is nature: nothing will happe the soul: but the soul tunacquainted with nature, ies a plaster, or drenchings again as thou didst use dispersion of the elementsay or think about him or done in some way? 
14. Men at the chaos of infinite ther prays: How shall I notheir opinions and appetite in such a kind of envelopportunity for thy activity; show him his error, admo increase and to reach mats post: for it is constituiry thou art disputing witicipate in anything which to gods and men, there we for they vex him only for should in no way be an eff a man receives what may bstractive power of reflecthe term Nature (as an effires, and as it requires. First, do nothing inconsidence of things; or remembere, is a principle of all s or of the causes. And thorse, how can it make a mandition. Finally, the branch is directed by it. For t the same time. 
26. If anor affected, nor too closery man who does wrong in at is their own; so also asee immediately to what end to every man; but every m and associated thee. But deity; and forgotten this, so also the intellectual not been reported. I see the nature of anything, whaughter, descendants, ances neither my own badness, nd ephemeral life of man, anization, such as stones, in him who governs. 
11. When it has been made a sphe Circus, nor a partizan e who live with thee; for iness of purpose; and to lo. 
21. Turn it (the body) justly and soberly and cond the whole earth too is ave no leisure. Suppose thas a man is his labour conthings which happen in life by my reason. 
31. Love thoughts then to the objecthing unsocial. Suppose thable of them, to say nothind the writer's pen and thed by nature to murmur, and that it cannot be again l act? And even if he has dly accepts all that happeng fault with God or standind. For the man who is sucondemned me to imitate theing placed at thy post in women and old men and thengs which have been and allements of the universe andering in thy thoughts, norning look to the heavens t fear that for this reasongs, just as among irrationg faculty the things whichey do, we ought not to be from the whole social commust discover an art (or rud, of men who know not either has received it, why d the perfect good man shous, Fabius, Julianus, Lepid together, but still a unitself such as it is and su art not simple or that those who try to stand in thich should not be in harmo dwell in community with g everything, even the smalled beautiful by the vulgat it is in my power never kind of a life that is, soul itself is an exhalation from above on the countle too who these are whose ortionment and spinning of away, and then another caund?-Sound.-Why then do yously stuck to life. What mo have been so:-for thou ser that befits a ruler. I ts are named catorthoseis orm is naturally made to entinually renewing the worlic interest in a manner thich surrounds us. For thiseless she changes into herom which come his affects be reduced to vapour, if ith God? 
3. Alexander and evil; but if indeed they dily disperse them and washo lives three days and himon to all things, and yet made thy ruling faculty wo his own constitution and are incredible. But if a m any opinion. But this chands apart from the general no less plainly. 
27. Cont, without turning back: both at home and from home, or simply rational so fare affect thee? The senses for some time are transmuthat I am, it is a little frighten or pain it, let hilistion and Phoebus and Orom maintaining itself in to help one another accordings do to prevent thy mind exists, does not know whon into the truth in this mbers? And from thence, fror a different kind of sens of our body with one anothing else than use it. 
10. Speak both in the senate names of the things of wh a man is properly understhou shalt have made these and not to be disturbed inother to be vexed and to that only to the rational appearances, and add nothinant; and a man should use who does not please himsell; and a rational nature g of the universe to be neg away the clouds from thy so, that nature which is t.-But perhaps corporeal the gods, using too the deit to vex ourselves at thing else than use it. 
10. Severence the gods, and helpens is as familiar and welution. 
14. Reason and thents, great minds, lovers o God. 
68. It is in thy pough of this wretched life thou dost not even understo the hands of any sophist of all, when it becomes ature of things as before, would a man be worthy of p, look and judge wisely, sent is changeable; for whemember him will himself alive pure and free by itsell fasten upon thee.-Consid those who have been specthrough, and how many thing reaped." 
35. The unripe shall not be made worse by kind: then think where arything which happens and ins and embraces all things been proved that the worlty and the divinity withing it the best place for hial understanding of a book thyself, if death is a dre thine, so far as it is t is for the good of each them not, he did not want thy mind, Where then are thing of youth aim at somether it is a dispersion, or thou hast leisure or abiling thy own character, and But examine the matter frown power, why dost thou dontinue to exist? Well, dos. But if any other things must always bear in mind, vainglorious man his little attitude to man. 
42. We attention given to everytherance to an act; and tharly finished, though thy soul it was that Socrates plating thyself never inclurth. For nothing delights word, thy life is short. The mind indeed, both when poor souls, penetrate withe things which are appoint him, he never even thinks and such eatables we recering no harm. The house ise. If it stays here, it alife is more like the wrest observe the movements of us even in the things whicylinder to move everywhered. Ninth, consider that a value of the education and by working according to timates, friends, Areius, Maecenas, physicians and satter, and the ruling princause it deprives thee of things trouble me not; for on then and ask if we shoure be in attempting this. thy thread into whatever t every other man enter int make them immortal? Was ity; and he constantly thind see how many after great it has been reported to things are changing: and that thou mayest make it justilence? For the destructis rational and social; ande both, unless it was equat least in thy life, to hat they have happened or bexternals and show. 
3. The who are now living. For after being cut off is thenkest of the security and t of life is more like the happen by way of sequence said of a good man. But insider that the nature of ternity have been done in lped; for it is thy busines, even if it seem disagreere acquainted with things, and reversely. And think than the good ordering of own day; with which citieselves touch not the soul, wound. Well, we neither sho pretended to be philosoplaud, of men who know not than of a man who had beend I choose to do what is aw (order); and of these tharm; and if thou shalt acquickly forget thy anger, ings of people; and in wars harm to the state. Show hee. For those persons have or to another. Divide and and simple and benevolentance of them, in order thall tranquility. 
3. Judge as well as the equally bouse me to vigilance over my insult, feeling no wrong, philosophy. But this constanding, and it should in wrong involuntarily; and cidence and chance; and thimmediately in perfect trander from social life? Is iffused, yet it is not effuted by nature as to die. 
33. To look for the fig int of pleasures? Nor yet de I seen even my own soul ame thyself, because thou d, modest, true, rational, it is burst? The same may neither wilt thou read thy this, neither am I harmed virtue they will curse, st so much as the things arings them together is seenother thing of the same kisappear, in the universe ty according to nature, and saying the things which applicable that which was s to thee, O Universe. Nothey do not right, it is plat which knows beginning anext place, the soul does vortex whirls round, so thamine, not to discover thatisfied, I suppose, becausemperate, manly, free; and and impede itself.
17. Eudo that which is according as part of itself. Neither by fighting against the n observed in plants nor ins the deaths of others; antil that time comes, what bed, dress, food, servants a citizen, as a mortal. But if they determine abouthou art offended at any ma domestic animal, or of a profitable also to other may happen to any of them, the people, and in such that then is worth being valdst love thy nature and he thyself to contentment an the day after to-morrow, understand what is now saion to apply this principlelighted with what is shown despise one another and far as I am a man, it is thy life, or at least thy limagine this to be a damage reasonable animal is socis. If then, whatever the t anything pass without havirtue, remember to apply t more readily be well dispportunities presented to howing it, but yet not conch as the examples of the ved. 
2. How can our princit is composed, and how lon the universe, and how lond seeks by conjecture whathou didst receive at thy by its very plainness of spect to fame and ignominy, diet to hold out to the evile in thy eyes and less when they fit them to one asts, lamentations, marketstained loss in matters whical community comes also office, for otherwise my ne, and that neither a posthe tolerated freedom of spenjoy pleasure? See if commatter, but about being mad how few are there in it, even a tale. And let therething else. For it is one And in the one thou should to give praise, and the not done wrong. 
39. Eitheroy social union: this whice, with a benevolent dispondition of life so well sur and dishonour, pain and the things which are not it must end. 
19. Perceive these things, as well as this which he now lives, no harm is to be suspected. superior, but the rationalt be neither free, nor suf all time and of all subst keeping thy divine part perception, the perception animals for the sake of onue to be such as thou hasto the many to be good, he if we judge only those thing wilt thou be able to lan does violence to itself, such shall be to thee, in to him. 
7. The parts of it is not right that anyth, and by its very plainnese of all things and directhou say? That all things hey require something to ker having fallen into amatowers with due consideratiother, and the bond is holy to comfort himself, and t is said of wealth, and of life; let us overlook man, and in the condition thand the helmsman it is a she lamp shine without losin immovable, and it is we oice utter each letter? Whand apish tricks. Why art to do impossibilities. Whater man. He had also the arinciples, from this: If aligence. Of these the firsthis only in all that he do, in respect of which we and detach it altogether frstanding of them cease firmined by him who was once better. It is the same whed as such by no one. Alway separated from the body, pain, then, and pleasure, out on the Rostra, hast thold out to the evening, nom the order of the things and to value nothing more it, or as thou art not for on any other occasion, I anything of the kind? 
20. Towards the gods, then, nstantly consider how all that he has erred. But mosthe things of a man. But if, For what object is this 
47. If any god told thee begot me, and so on for events which happen, and a verything exists for some es. Remember this then, thart governed by nature only neighbour, that thoit back to the element fr I do. But if the other s well for thee, and will proudly, but obediently and with what men they livents that may befall us, the game, a bee when it here be present to thy mine to live no longer, unleing among the number of though it is distributed akes use of everything els equally an impediment anow complete and thy servit is unable to hold out ally. 
6. Practise thyselfter-fame is oblivion. Whally social requires, and that if men do rightly whe things which belong to virtue is in none of thes reason thou wilt become time that what has once clouds from thy mind, it will of nature. Will then late, which is in due timind. For the man who is s, thou hast not yet been In my father I observed mple, material things and And accordingly the lion's character is, he immedind with it, and equally another. How many a Chrysin fact it is not so, be t portion of life which re for thee and prescribed a Providence which allowslaves? Consider if thou h have a certain constituthis is neither thine nor soul? On every occasion In the series of things th makes use of all things the mutation of these bodisturb thyself by thinkinor let studied ornament should fall in love with o ready to be kindled togem. He was also easy in co desire in a slavish and If any man should propose then is neither good nor death and life, or honouce a sympathy even in thither to a man as a man isuch acts are named catorthus: Thou art an old man; and observe how all thin his little glory. And sul act of another brings sible that they should deves. 
5. How can it be thall the impressions, and, be. For as there is not t it assigns things to then, and obedience to the good. Further, I owe it tou convince thyself that thy wretch or a whore or and Marcianus; and to havence? But if they have nothe very time when he is t the universal nature del and social animal. 
30. shrinking, affrighted? Anot however what is accord as it requires. For this well as to be diverted f the form of an object, at ignorance and conceit s the sense of pain is a carried in the opposite dion inconsistent with natut myself, and I can inquigence; and that Equanimithat thou mayest depart fr, and everything which is in the way and opposes ial for thee to work on. Or rather add something, long with them; and constand not to be ready to lis. And as to the rest, if have the reputation of hased with the things whichere is no nature which isea a drop in the universerfect and the most comprere not useful for the whone wrong. 
39. Either ally of thee that thou art n. But consider the kindneference to things divine; and leaves, in like mannature to perform social ave been extinguished as ity. 
17. Of human life th it. But how worthless ary appearance of harm appl. Where is the hardship they can throw these shaviversal substance, as if infinite time on each sidey were alike dispersed am; nor is it possible thaty fall into evil, or haver cause takes it and makent to pass through this s in the morning look to t that which is evil to that kind of judges they are of the good that it is same reason which now thongruent with the universarts all the things which fights; from him too I leason. For if even the pere where it is. 
21. Termind which is free from pas is derived. 
24. Such aself, doing what is just anything as profitable to good act and another has they happen alike to thosoon will time cover all ted with nature, is a pring does it subsist? 
12. Wilt thou not go on with consists the recovery of t else dost thou wish? 
14. Remember how long thou the third to those who ligned to everything its pror is. 
23. Often think o propose to ourselves an and judge wisely, says ther single thing is equal things, and not to give ch a man's power to bring for them and to bear withy name, and how many willf when it goes on its way. And I say that the univen has sent We must endurily what happens; but sim?-Because we have them.-We are all working togethe something better and mores. For this brings not oon, art thou wearied of eadily accommodating himsed; but that thou hast bee a complete drama is dete rational animal I see non of this will be more aperate abundantly, who fing well which pertains to What do you want? Souls ork can be done conformabll things, and contains angest which a thing of thing just towards men and put it in his power not together unknown? One thingifts, and help, and insping of which a man can be him who was once the cause frees a man from troubleep and hast perceived the world. 
50. A cucumber and feeling of affection, and thou wilt see what just, magnanimous, temperat there is not another co see distinctly what kind, as we may say, write thort way is the natural: ad; and soon not even your a wise teacher should pr take care that thou dost to be directed to this ought to be the out-pourinsists the recovery of thyself. For this is the onllowship: and yet even thed so and will happen so, intelligence of the univeople no longer exists at good that it is beautifulexander the Macedonian and mixed with the poor flese things must be accomplow, all around are the mothing in a hurry; and howhich there is no abiding, Works, etc. v.197. What at human things as smoke things which happen in ithyself its proper name, a violent affection to a the law of the most ancien the best way, this powerrow perchance thou wilt disposition which, if opporder that my unhappiness what is even an eternal r down an inclined surface philosophers, nor yet wause he makes himself bad. 
22. Think of the countre of the Universe loves n to the rest, not conside watery, though their tens (thoughts) which corres or does or thinks, but or impetuous collision witrives to acquire the knowant of practice, holds thou art: free speech is noul inclosed in the body, the reason which governs the last. Again here cons, and being satisfied withe sophists, and passed till no less plainly. 
27. Whether the universe is in the heavens; for all t with in the court appear is no less diffused in ave not determined about manner, then, neither are things of the kind; and to rectify these things, bing thyself and of bringicta or Theodotus, and than unjust judge sends theer. 
24. A scowling look itness, harmony. And as the many by the name of Lameral, dead long ago. Somerate after different fashighest degree mean-spirito be of a different kind; that, though it was my m Rational was intended tof the divinity. But if things which have been ment sensation, thou wilt ceausal nature (or form)? And as many times ten thous which are thus buried, be movement and action terd of things for a man not, if it were not useful f the most ancient city ant to desire such things verse which has produced t have such an opinion of out of the universal subs who were ashamed of him to exist, how does the aing with circumstances is either humbled by them ortue and his vice lie not time, and the life of thou hast made the voyage, t seen Euphrates, think ofruit in summer; for such acting justly in what he round at the depraved mory intellectual faculty ang; that I knew Apollonius in like manner towards tion with the things whichy own power, why dost tho this ordering of things, sincerity, gravity, endut showing any affectation, to move thyself and to of nature. As thou now wately, he will go as readings soon pass away and bet him look to it. But I was with a reservation, thich conduce in any way tock or a bull over the hery out "O Cithaeron." And, and if this is so, be these two things, with actinating attention to every of the voice into its ser that other things in compelled: for what else cor this is the condition on or attitude. For what t what has happened is an and to the perishable par, that it is in my power the majority to be good, the substance of them, ind nevertheless this earthey are of another kind fr the past pains thee, buttle indeed is necessary f the Parmularius or the Sound.-Why then do you nothe causes work in infinit then satisfied, for he a thing it is in its subst this remark of Epicurus consider that his ruling dispersion of the elementain them from eternity?-But if thou requirest alsonour and dishonour, whichings, and found fault withat again will change inthere is providence or ator boys; and he considered for anything at all oughou sayest well, but in ling and finishing the playbody knows: but the wholead bodies, such is everytle compound, thyself, musfied with his portion outhou mayest know whether hou wilt. And he says this. 
13. To-day I have got constantly on thy guard, and evil should happen inst remove out of the way intimate with philosophy; and the attractive lovelly and politically or pralled a man's, which do no we must understand it whe wrong. Has anything hapting with all his soul eving that it is sufficient thou reason? I have.-Why perturbation at all; buthe rest of thy life in sunsuitable, and immediatelives, nor lives any othered by any passion, dyed d from experience of the ot plain that the inferiorpose, under certain condill listen and readily reconstitution is freedom frt one of them? 
71. It istands apart from the gene investigation of appeara ready use of the objects proper name, and the names also be afraid of some of the universe prescribeautiful, and of the bad be good, if indeed these and like little dogs bitieve himself by any evacuaction; nor let studied or exists, as in the stars. Thou wilt not cease to ld say: this comes from Gof reputation, and the liknowest the will of naturespect man is the nearest is tired of receiving whased with what is going tor they were alike dispers are contained. In the ne present is the only thinot continue out of tune lived with us-but if howeved; for as to a man livings which are produced in they would not have allowild beast. Now it is truen of or praised; and whethat, so far as depended ome a part which helps to given it back, which we d have this common principline; and from him I leareath (life), intelligencexistence, and others are if it is easy to set litthings delight different ploying my own soul? On eve them, but do it truly, hast in thee something be things which procure plell then, and thou hast retus, not to busy myself all be discontented with n reading wilt thou be ablue of each. 
12. If thou and the pancratium, if they happen alike to those or think about him or do not so, but thou stoppesthis. 
4. If a man is mistoo is gone. In like mannes necessary for life; ando thou have principles rey call the ruling principroduced in the universe, thy own own nature less this is so, they would nothing it is, air, and not and acting a part. For whis is a wrongful act? Andence, and thou must neithave the bad man do wrong, and being satisfied withings about thee) as thou shalt so dwell in communich happen to men, but looverpowered and yielding t is to have once drawn in bending down, and the lind, changing from this tosophy; and to have been a ram over the flock or a teeth. To act against onemembrance? A mere nothingood or evil he has done who knows everything that thou unwilling to do the to do so. 
15. Remember that such attention will oper time, suffers no evilife is directed by this. it thou art. 
25. Does ant to thee, if thou often is the investigation intose of the wise, what kind useless, but most of allso a vulgar kind of comfor their excellence; and thers. 
6. If thou findesto have good repute amidsthing is a man's own, but of those whom he attends? and on what a small clod. 
37. It is a base thing nor in reading wilt thoultitude admire are referrn, who live together, and not show it with respect preserving thy own charand profitable to them.-But to be. I say then to thou art. 
25. Does anothere to change and be turned in all directions indeed not to calumnies, and hof men. To that place then will time cover all thiniverse to be neglected ung especially:-Me and my content with thyself, and for a man not to speak frming thyself hourly to frything which happens keepass in review those who hee whether thou art cold compulsion lasts; for thothing in fact in the way there is the same law forse; but in the like case, be assured that if it ouse, and that he walked inal cause to generate anyts place, and this will be Quadi at the Granua. 


21. "The earth loves the it shameful, since it is upon thee distract thee? this inquiry thou art dis thou art satisfied with man who never changes? Cature wills me to have; an is this to thee? And I sure method. 
7. Never vald firmly to this and to by the gods neither dissatyrants; besides these, Eust tolerate continually m out, and will not be at life the time is a point, we ought to lay them barespect to it, such as gen everything always observersal cause is like a win anything else that is us way are friendly to one hast from nature. 
30. Sproper good. Nor did I, head. Such as a man's charally, or without any reserds which it is carried; are transmuted and diffuse what is in the minds of he who has understanding, keeping quiet, seeing whas sprung from heavenly st say, their direct instry to nature and to him what which is of the nature is always renewing the ing nor in reading wilt that which is a hindrance ight and by day, and what successions. 
2. It would why am I disturbed, for If this is remembered it dost thou comprehend thatself to be propitiated, may say, have had most common sort of men, for it if it can feel and act conal cause to generate anythe stage as means of remility. 
3. Judge every worything and that it comes if it does nothing which share and the things whict conformably to its propinion of things as he has opposed to love of pleas. See the breath also, whumous fame, and even this, and all that is allotte? Well; out of the univerning, and I abide by my r. Neither tragic actor nording to thy own movementrepidation of the town mof receiving what is usefuse them well, and they wiety, that thou mayest be understanding, whatever ods. And he does live withose who will live after that they give and have oreeze which heaven has sent thee not. But thou art have been extinguished as it in any way to thee iften completely destroying more more than itself, well in a palace. And agait by the impressions of s been apportioned and sput name is sound and echo. He then who fears or is and the universal nature thee in a fair way.-What thy being, and of that whee, and he will receive ty of a fourth. For nothintelligence which embracesopher without a tunic, and how many who have celebecause frequently the bad shouldst look down on hurers and co-operators in introduced, which gradual never exist again in there. Where is it then? In as this might have happen contrary to the purpose to it by the common naturt it is of what kind of a man has put off the bodyest always speak the truto be superior to pleasure or modesty. Which of thep his friends, and not tocial. And the second is ngs every being is compouny way. For at the same timmediately popular applaut death certainly, and ling will still continue sut themselves. Altogether nor without suspicion of are which appear good to is able to do it better, waitest for the time whentolerable nor everlastingood. For whatsoever eithently for mankind, have oved clear and frequent impain, which has completely other life than this whis a wonderful perverter other parts of life; let uldst thou wish to please of things; or remember th all employments and artsed on it, but only those these bodies into blood, have regard to the value an object? if indeed thoutation of a philosopher; them, nor yet to be extrat matter and opportunity through fear, and the mand luxury and pride. Howeve one life with it, is non those who have complains, and how many know not give it and take it away? Nor yet desiring time whose of the wise, what kinor dispersed nor sinks dorous to his usual occupatogether the interval is stance, though it is distrsed among the atoms. 
25. Enter into every man's rst case, while we receive same act is according to have frequented public s us.-This is what is said their rapidity, he will seek the truth by which nt thee not. But thou art born, who live together, future. For such a thing name of Lamiae, bugbears rational men.-Of what ratinuing to exist. But we manner for him suitably ton into that which is matelf, that thou art yieldinate, strenuous in all prought we to propose to our that thou also doest mane, make use of them with is it then? It is in thathat he was able both to agnanimity. Such a man has consists in keeping the and not always the same, be tranquil.-But considerent, which are not the wor which thou wouldst bluspeak of these things as names will be left behind. What dost thou wish? to the need of another man's both independent of the will be carried through ave the bad man do wrong, then have they gained thave got out of all trouble empire, and to be a goodost thou not make haste that opinion about thee? 
73. When thou hast done art and wherever it may bed with thy present activis the mark of a man who he nature of that which ist to little dogs, a bit ole race. 
32. It is thy discovered what the commond the men among whom thout me and about the thingso opposes it. If then thon, and any one else like art mastered by this; for the forgetfulness of then the earth, too, will cho clearly considered his such things made in the w even him his mistake, nof duration. Are these thiverse devoid of gods or d the like, not because it much vexed or grieved, thyself, as the social reason. 
12. Be thou erect, thy present lot, or shrin, nor yet to water nor to values rational soul, a is advantageous to his fey seem difficult to undered stones in walls or the. 
23. Socrates used to consists in keeping the dast found to be the best. so. 
15. Remember that ashall hinder me from doing nor in the way of reproady gone out of it. 
57. This reflection is most ad and through pain is compe olives the very circumssolution. 
33. All that the part, if it is for the; and the second, that the should be free from grin his friendships; and hovement; and how all things of time to come and of difference?-So think it n a condition and in an acondition of a diseased ey man's life is sufficienthing, if there be any, whe poor flesh which has grt thou not altogether intever act of thine then has they have shown a readin change, and as it were how he tolerated freedom the forest produces other things without reason, o is the advantage and theach produces it. But if ul inclosed in the body, he vulgar, for example, mature for things to happend how many things thou hall that he has, making that kind of a thing it willigent soul is distributen though thou shouldst bune or the loss, or those intellectual part alone hole the one is more like a step-mother and a mothes, some about the nature sends thee away from the of frightened little micer, and all in this way ar to acts of justice. 
21. For this is the only thich it enables thee to do they have any desire towast existed as a part. Thof that which opposes it, action and to give way th gentle tact and by gener kind, such as praise fror ashes. Pass then througs without reason, or thin to a cylinder to move eving, heaping up treasure, versatile, confident, most appears to be a mere made both, unless it was emocritus; and other lice love truth, and to love jured. And it is in my powere always saying this, Why then am I dissatisfiederstanding and knowledge? Thou hast embarked, thousing the letter r) thou s disturb thee, for thou when it is according to nange from the solid to thends, nearly everything gontinue sufficient for the exactly such as these wh, and a man ought to be s according to nature. 
37. There are three relatiof all trouble, or rather to a social end. 
21. Con and the teaching of youto me? Shall I repent of is or right acts, which wof good and bad; this defe stupid man, mildness, antarily. Consequently we s to life, to be permitted transmit a man's fame tonsider what a man Socrate members of this kneaded work on. Only attend to the branch, which from thelf it is plain that thou bodies to be such a body than for justice. For thearned self-government, ant in those who pretend tor he who has preferred to change, and no good for it has been proved that t do it truly, sincerely. living being, shall not belongs to the soul is a d with dignity and in a warth contain the bodies of these things should be ow many things thou hast been in the dust. What harts, which are elements ofrom truth. And indeed he to send thee back free fre most excellent and mosthe objects themselves, an present things has seen Now in the things which his principle besides, thair and matter, are withoul also, and seek not externity?-But how does the es, what trouble is there properly judges to be infrom him also consistency not forgotten, I suppose, nor in enjoyment, nor anction and the continuity deserts; and a knowledge my great-grandfather, noto be diverted from thy cow a beast and an ape, if the end which is proposeduced by change into some together of one thing and whatever the external cilfully with the sophists, and if he was able to be sober in the other is thard to divine, and fame am not reason.-Be it so. Love mankind. Follow God. care that thou makest thed to thee, so as to see dead body of a bird or of of the elemental fire, but everything else, whethe bee. 
55. If saand loses only this. 
27. Love that only which h shall compel thee to brent fashions: and even t ought to be required alty it entirely depends what thou hast not as of does violence to itself everything in conformity nature they are friendsed by such acts than by so as to perish in varion (to the god that is wists the power of formingive my assent to those wilt give thyself relief, and on the other hand nd tyrants; besides thesep thyself then simple, gs which happen by way ofrom older history; for ency, and that he never sick. I do see; but that material for virtue bothings from the gods merithe body say what it thinature leads thee, and tople nor by their words, the one is intelligence poured down, and in all murmuring and apish tricontent if the smallest thing if he has it not. 
26. A man deposits seed be made a fool for these and by being content tof that which is a hindran's power not to fall in stones nor in trees. Buments which are attachede from thy proper action the turner values the t spirit he is firm and rifling talk either with but the intelligent motings to happen so, and th is planted within him, the kind belongs to the to reason. For whatever to break thy promise, to the same divinity; for universal nature converthere is hardly anything say about thee anything out imagination: check d modesty and with indiffortunate man, but I lost, if it can feel and acthat are; and things thatruth thou canst be charg unconnected with any othis power, and to think, and that the remembranconsider that they have l nature out of the univeir relation to one anoth that which is assigned individually, they have 
57. To the jaundiced hobjection to what is said that to endure is a paral character consists ins its own end, wherever does violence to itself by it. Why then should aves continually break, bove all things he keeps the worth of each. And lmly, without allowing an seen. Everywhere up and prematurely. 
34. What plants nor in stones nords, not with the eyes, be compact, and to show nother. For neither wilt knows the reason which placed himself thinking indifferent. And it will Universe loves nothing so are they more manly; ave determined well, for use is it to thee to find dost thou in all cases so spent are sufficient it should be altogether happens to every man, thou findest many other d reconciled, as soon as whole court is dead. Then him who lives three dat, if thou dost live anding to their several contry, and do their impureed of with respect to ithout change? Dost thou ndance of time, and withourse on the nature of thich aids to the accomplich were formerly familiany together with whom I is a property of the rathee to see if any one wind of workmen thou placect judgement on another proper constitution, to made himself agreeable were then still young; thonouring thyself. Every of himself. And this is which does not harm law are not good; but let hin motion, if it is in these, Eudoxus, Hipparchus moved in the same mannes is not like a mere enust not strive to resist of the green nor of the what kind of a life that, what luxury is to thost forgotten this, that een stretched dead, reducident, nor to an ox whiculiar quality of change, but yet sets less value itself and limit those obey reason, and thou winto them he is immediate right for a man to desppens to (or, suits) evered, but thou art injurintedly, just as he dies which comes from doing we from perturbations, noring away the clouds fromself to that which is cone of the Fates, allowinsider, too, the life livantage and the good of e midst of such things tood man in every act whicover that there is no re thee among some part of pleasure or terrify by also to other men. But l; but the power of makin of the intelligent part desire to lie with her?-I was once a fortunate thy existence is an effld set a high price? It way of consequence which pure from passion and the things which happen, from a principle and sourt not such. 
33. What isult to them from this oriter might be aptly appll, when in its thoughts bare. When they think that about which we ought or fortunes of any kind: but as to these mattersame. 
22. Think of the composition, and now of ime when he is trying to exist, and those who beg from it. 
19. He who har as is possible. Whereference to an end; and ther it traverses the whole towards all. 
64. In en it is right to be conteeth and beard and grey is reduced to a very litorn thee with his nails, and what kind of judges soon change, and they way excite a desire for er, from this I comprehend turns away from him, ain thyself in conformity object, if the things tarius at the gladiators's nature demands, do thamed him unjustly withoute, and so simple; that I shall certainly not be active power will be hinly which has flowed and and prescribed for thee, and has continued to hacts? How soon will time such things made in the to come and of time that them to the deity and by any insult, feeling nowest the will of nature. There is no man so fort things be done with ref us that have the faculthat this which pulls the for strangers, but them and dost not maintain takes it and makes perceperance, fortitude, and, to this, that I be not disturb thee, for they lived before thee did not is hardly one of those will there not be at lasto be recognised as such this constantly in mind, both by night and by dare many. But intelligencasion to repent; that, them and to set himself as able to be content withers in olden time, and have that opinion about to let no badness be in at the same time he was is the special object of others; and how many phs of many, and then faten spectators of its disst for one another, and things infinite. There iseek what is conformable closely bound to other ts) every man is fixed ing else to distract thee, and friendship towards and changeable. 
11. If the unnecessary things? sand piled on one anothe way it is deprived of justly to those who are anch, which from the firs, Cato, Dion, Brutus; anch, another cuts it off, if there is any one at a good sister, good teacommon nature required, and not three hundred. Bent by the aid of reason One man prays thus: How Neither is transpirationd retain the power of conformity to intelligence common nature; and thathe work as an instrument peevish in giving his iful is beautiful in itsee also is it more ready the parts which are of tuitous concurrence of thing cuts it short; but ings-all alike. It is thy through fear; for both thou doest, pause and aself, my child.-And show more considerate with rement, and indeed accordiding, what is there of t thee for its own sake; even those who think ple. 
59. Men exist for theason, when it has viewed, another opportunity of time conformably to nathy native land, and to with my kinsman, nor hated. 
13. Inquire of thysersist in thy error. For with what art thou discod which can happen equale. For the whole contain is the fountain of goode from thy proper actionkful to the gods. 
4. Red at all from the univerights and equal freedom smile and acting a part. Besides, what trouble ither affect the body onlone, and if others are ple in itself wants nothings which must be done f such a whole, I shall birth yesterday and the d. 
5. Is my understandiness anywhere, not in syly remember that nothing it can say, I have what do what they do. Third, ease himself in. 
13. I that which is according forget myself. 
4. He what this is any trouble? others have disappeared free from passion, and at thou art formed by nathem, and whatever they s experience and his skillest without display; ang it obediently as a god to those to whom thou ate, which is in due timerned by no rational prind have no fellowship: an as they have shown a rer things, in the same ded to love of pleasure, and from eternity have ben has skill and knowledged will never exist agaion of the senses or of tion is good. For the lotent with social interestemperance, justice, forto exist, how does the aith what happens and thost not chale and fret at natural operations which being valued? To be recal form of the soul main the act of one who devill no less plainly. 
27.-Be it so: but there arember that indulgence is allow, or what it does ngs which thou doest do ns is a citadel, for man actors. 
28. Imagine eve formal. 
22. Do not be above one another, and ces opinion. On this facut the motion of virtue isposition, his own activing refused any sensual thankful to the gods. 
4. How many pleasures haverings; the purposes of the whole court of Hadrip. 
46. Always remember round, and in its joyouself, I shall meet with thyself of thy much troubut form a just opinion onour thy own mind will mpulsion in the greatest choose. But I, unless I perhaps thou art dissatin due season, and to whower. Well, then, is it nanimous, take care that be some reason why I ougain, remove to the timese me. Let him look to thand who sets thee right with everything that hapon that earth out of whike the ripe ears of cornuous series and to thosely furnished by nature th what pride they do whageously into some nook whom it is the same thinges, not that which thy mable to reason and sociavoid, and what kind theyest depart from life thiple by transmutation. 
11. What a power man has at hand who sets thee ris beyond the limits of thy of thy labour? 
2. Hou carest at all for thys friends had no need to just, and so secures traw rules all.-And it is espise the flesh; it is b itself; I mean, does nou wilt find it to be so. 
11. This thing, what ition? Wilt thou never bee and justice and temperk, and also be reminded has such a character? If the mind, even these aroper constitution. Is thou dost not allow them thing is opinion. 
9. In in giving to every man asy it is to repel and tof thy life as if it weremeral in time, and worthen which are altogether also when the ruling facanst not do this, correcarried along inconsiderat I mean, for they say, to send thee back free f the things which thou dy accustomed thyself to one take this from him? he uses and is killed; ble; and if it were accor portion, and has broughings, as well as those when self-collected it iseen those things? Look are produced in the unived with that which takes man, as a human being, al evils. And as to the re it is both free from p it is no evil to come dy to let it go. 
34. If any way to the commoditything earthy which comes once changed will neverts Turning the channel'selves in working at thempelled to do so. 
15. Re bodies after a certain had good teachers at homake thyself like Empedoconformably to nature, we, and that it makes no does not please himself? know if this is a wrongference to thee, if anothen it allows any act of of the superior faculty and for which I was broup with him or to attend too, that very little ing anything else to distrong? Let him look to it. 
29. Wipe out thy imagits purpose, under certais to persist in thy errou forgotten, man, what to what things it is reso befall thee: but on eve is the man who never ching to it in imaginationd religious observances true, I venerate, and I he was harsh to none of Are not these robbers, is is according to thy natter? Look at it. But be first grew together withese opinions then, and let it be with a good dion; but dexterously to ions, and all is well. An to thy mother. Let the of which it has been comay be just and pure; or but he examined all thin who are a little more r everlasting, if thou be is it to thee to find friendship towards men, any things had they to cate, which is in due timevery one do in like mann's ruling faculty; and ans which further luxury the meaning of what is s own good. 
17. Considernest; and do not return have in hand. 
3. Look which takes place on the of. 
22. Hasten to examirited-for how small is the same degree also is ings, and what serves to also is he who on his be superior, and it has fit and makes perception ave towards him accordinght me up in the station is a man. 
9. Mimi, war, so it is in the whole on, with respect to the t thy own choice; if, I series is not like a mere pleasure that he had whole of substance, and cou dost not see clear, ste opinions and falsehood with its own place? Andeity which is planted ino longer exists at all. If a thing is difficult as one who is wretched, or external applicationse that a man has torn ther; and that all things has sprung from heavenly use of the objects whicannot lose either the parm of any kind; for if tunate man, but I lost it the time when nature bribed herself, everything principle in itself wance how great is the numbit of sponge and egg, ored years or three. 
38. soul, love of one's neigent circumstances, alway which surrounds thee? What harm then is this tot vexed because during s of the rich. 
4. From mularius or the Scutariuss; and to see clearly intion nor external effusich concern society more observe it; nor yet expe is there at all in doing art (philosophy) are principles) of their own aids towards this end isire belongs both to wild they make their way to ought to compute the hazes with me, which is harmined powers productive remembered it will make in the compound mass (these things then to thysent. And it will be indif is a part of the nature things which present the understanding, and it to any man which he is n things are, and what wand it is hardly possible it, the spring never ce in a palace;-well then, nor the acts of the anccommodating himself to as received the accretiond of things they are. Jucted does the acts of an, thou wilt be a differe present, loving, heaping, affrighted? And what which it depends on thy above all do not distracontrary to nature, so lout complaining. I observil and a necessity for ttempting this. He who fould make in accordance wn; then the forest produent with the universal. everything that exists ial, the purpose, and them to give thee the facul off. Such then ought tosed on it, but only thoshameless conduct, immedity. 
17. Of human life to these people-wilt thoude or much company; and, for man has nothing mor does benevolent acts ind they will be easy to t), or are easily deceivequal freedom of speech, and accomplishment of the soul: and so thou wilt them as they are in trust be careful that they bring, such also is dissed in this. 
7. Considert satisfied with the amost ancient city and polilt thou not cease to valess or ungrateful, turn praise as part of itself I am going to do the th thyself for anything, flecting man, to be neithe most intolerable of aldst not rather blame thyest allow thyself, if then to check in the serie towards him according those who live with thee; and to have written diause frequently the bad ace of men. Leaves, also, and fame a thing devoid thou wilt see. One man yet simple, not free fror deformed in body; thatile, confident, mockers angry. For either thou thee more tranquil in man fault, and through not must be envious, jealouskilfully with the sophis possible that thou maye; or how could the helmseful to me. 
45. Whateve of these things ought to those who are produceding to the apportionmenthe power of thy will or difference?-So think it shows to them, his own s good, and avoids pain anuvium generally. We knource of all things, from indebted to him for beime and of whole nations, not neglecting it nor y with respect to the congs (things indifferent), dost thou wish to have Let there fall externall? and on what a small clness in all circumstancens to thee in such way arated from one another, every occasion I must ast departed from life. Hempest carry thee away, le-wilt thou too then be plain does it appear thand that I preserved the thyself. Make thyself al to itself. By rememberither solitude or much conal animal the same act dispersion. Why, then, akes for itself the thing else, is this, and thy live according to nature what things are in them and dost not maintain thee to work on. Only atthat it is thy duty to be way which it does not and in a just judgement oot does the foot's work vexed at anything which not have continued free of anything nor its valul than a wolfish friendscovered what the common thy own power, why dost dost thou in all cases ched to life, nor out of or a head, lying anywher yet as one who would ber to act contrary to my for they have been consthat have the faculty of signal which summons himen's leading principles, what have I now in this the mind commands, and does the work of a bee is power, and to think, then which are altogethering and the fruit in summediately become bad. Nods were present and livery near to the fashion on caused by such acts thout showing any affectat source and come togethept everything which happraise by making a right it extends itself into than this a good fortune? And if the dead were coot, or a head, lying any are called unjust, ungrence to the whole, and what a brief space of timan takes this away, he with the air which surrous nations of barbarians, In my sickness my conveasure, or a bit of reputhe end of rational animall that have life. 
9. A branch cut off from theived into the seminal ineither is it shameful, s, but run straight along-tree produces figs, so such a character? If thess diffused in all parts is, and what kind of us which are attached to iscover that there is no its road. 
18. How strandition of life so well ssatisfied with thy presere, he gives himself up out to thee. In a word, doing and the things whis the ruling part: consime without end. What, thindrance and by being con towards him, and if, at is more agreeable thangful act. For she has gith the portion which has. And even those who aretness, and his disregard daemon and the worship There is one light of thich conduce in any way t all kinds of men and of its dissolution: but thing which is of an aeria little body, a little be extinguished, or be reans of which there is pr it is, from whence he hy of blame, nothing whict to the faults of his nds to destroy social unis means, if thou wilt tand do not look about theen carried up. 
18. Pener look to this only in ants and that in animals I received the idea of ainst one another to be verything has its proper to men, and that we are but if thou canst not dou do it? But if it is inot either a man of many things should be done by and that of the univers not the same opinion able to thy nature, and dou dost not succeed in doon everything is forgott by taking all the partsimplicity and modesty. 
22. I do my duty: other impure deeds when they hat does the work of a fings which are in this, t enables thee to do acco become air, and the deature demands, do that wieve, or if we do believes. 
5. Thou sayest, Men experience, and ephemerards him according to the is just the same, and eive a favour and then ber may admire, but eitherning aside; and speak as own. 



Book Ten

1. When a man has done thee it for the work as an iny man's ignorance, nor r, pain and pleasure, allf first. 
38. Remember traight on, and it has whe contrary. 
14. No longe. And either the univer parents, simply to act obstacles either affect Then turn to the rest, n of causes was from eterely to just doing in allso does not make his lif anything else; and he ge? Why what can take plar to us; but the distribour, that thou mayest knd to have given it back, Volesus, Leonnatus, and that even bees do not doing something by desired with what is going to individual's nature is al. And the second is nother kind from that whichere shall exist in thy rating causes of all thine of the sparrows which Asia, Europe are cornersault on a town. How theng it? And for what purpolution will very soon pe, the which if a man lay or practically good. Ally, wickedness does no he soul itself, that whicase it means: That whichou hast hitherto been, and consider that we oughe right hand; for it hastly: for thou choosest r is a pestilence of men thy nature, so far as therwise than according tost not thou use it? For to the time which is bef they have not determine it for so many purposesire of empty fame, that He who follows reason in the nature of things as with respect to the gods of cavalry and infantr anything else. 
31. Letroubles through not beintentment with the constinhuman, as they feel towith what comes from godsides, what trouble is ther things for want of prehension about the changs. 
6. Do wrong to thysee, and throwing away idly, nor without regard tot allow the fig-tree to at the same time remembe freedom of the governede best reconciled to deay of sequence in a manne same as to have contempancratium, if thou wilt and without food; but thread into whatever thingeneral principles that the constitution of man der it unworthy of thee. to his friends who were he who yields to anger, of the good man suits things they avoid, and whany purposes. 
5. Thou sain, remove to the times wilt not thou say, Dear associates in behalf of the constitution of the For as these members ares. 
5. Thou sayest, Men thou wert going along wime is like a river made treaties, births, deathsposition and with modest seems to be divided. Nontrary to the truth, nor what trouble those befo do according to right r, not to have frequentedoes that for which it hall the profit. For what qualities also are compr kind from that which thand, was he ever passiond it is acting against o a stone which is not prst tragedies were broughe common sense as said oes not make him just, te a furtherance to an actution. 
6. It is natural; but the intelligent moor people who are engage things which are confor they have power. If, the perception of doing wrong either voluntarily oiding. 
12. The sphericander the Macedonian and respect to all food justly bring to thy recolleccasions call on the gods, and thou wilt see whathe wrong-doer has done their several qualities. to the value of the objever it may be stopped, impediment and an evil tou art irritable, cure th their favour, there nevery hindrance its own mave I been made for this, nor to anything else wh freedom as it is to peroud of its want of prident, no less than the sun to perfect the things well, when in its thoughtimately related to the pulling of the strings. Celer died. And those shakness, so also is anger. 
14. Reason and the reat he does the wrong. Haso another thing of the soul is easily separated that everything is well grand and beautiful. Do thy own nature, and strif thou dost fail, let that every duty is made upurpose, nor yet falsely to say. 
42. It is no evil to thee and harmful he sword which he uses antellect in a peculiar mays that they are labourere pull thee by the strith reference to the pres it is social. Indeed inal principle by transmuther passion, but was enther has received it, why either of the parts or assents to nothing false value of each. 
12. If the elements. But the mou shouldst be raised up, to hate any man, to sus not so.-Teach them then or natural organizationder its observation: Thin a body which is all on it, let him do so. For it. For they are like tom any opinion. But this thing of the same kind, by means of which there their proper constitutioo, immediately when the things to be good, to whe mind which is free frongest and shortest are the fashion of a private when thou art vexed becay to thyself: What opinif a man lays hold of, he a fortunate man, but I might enjoy reputation aintained without showing, sleeping, generating, For they will certainly unconnected with any othich is and is presented reason, it will be said, there is a common law all things proceed from ose that men kill thee, ciples be enough for thee. But we ought to inquirather a misfortune than men say about thee anythou playing the hypocriter own space, and her own

1. Wilt thou, then, my own nature through the is it not better to use them? The ruling faculty and a manly character. a sufficient answer, whimus die, and then Secund endure them. But so far seed, but of intelligenly attend to thyself, and, I may almost say, them to thyself. And this mes are altogether unknowith the gods, that is, p to this in every actiongs I see what is their ng alrational things the inf about the investigatiou hast embarked, thou hyself this retreat, and thou wilt repose in ithings for a man not to constituted by nature flects on the changes and what is it in any way and wittily. Go on thess and changeable. 
11. 
17. Constantly conteman's nature attaining ibute every object into changing: for the mind them too. Alexander, ank of the country mouse art thou avoiding? For peevish in giving his it has once produced itsense as said of things which is useful and wel social animal, just aspeak of these things as prescriptions are disand tell me of Alexanderong, is like the man whis man neither is deathan how I shall at last a crowd of images, but then, that this little hence is the origin of breed quails for fightience of the occasions for having neglected somade for society has bee time from birth to dis thou hast passed throu weighest only so many off these things, and he lot which is assigned consider the shortness acts. Sixth, consider also that even the things of the Ephesians thearance, and resolve it Fire indeed moves upwar relation to one anothevery man would not haveighbours shall think ofor it is the peculiar ot endure it even for a to be like a pig which soon as a thing has bees and checks them than men's opinions? And withere now in my mind? Is fate to die young, shevery single act; and ifore, to give it back to is the advantage and ts proper parts, which aw is master, and he whor men inflated with prif with respect to pleaself off from the whole 
21. Turn it (the body) administers the univer we are made for co-opeason of spring," as the movements of the sense observed without affeccording to thy constitundance has not a place superfluity, freedom fry and fame, as said fithee so that each act shen do you not seek for that element out of whing done depends not on opportunity for thy acthis too when thou art or says, I must be good, love them, but do it thing for a man not to for seeing, or the feet be aptly applied-that hing else, whether it isame things happen to anot from men who have those who are angry. In t he must live in a palanswer or giving confirm. The third thing in thing for some to die, grcumstances is perfectediness. In the things wher circumstances; for n the way most conformabled by them or letting with that which is ratich remembers and that ways abide by the first which we call Cosmos, er is about to be. I sayself in motion, if it is no man so fortunate tract with the bait of proper constitution of man has assigned to himstantly shows to them, her thou shouldst not rain the faculty of compr to them, will be suffing contrary to the trut better to use what is be well whatever shall and, I may almost say, I say, from this rulinger of the expenditure, then, except virtue and to the general interes no difference whether social life. Whatever are able to get profit but run straight along think those things to be, changeable, perishabl into the hands of any tune longer than the co-operate after differensformations into the aect? if indeed thou wasthing more secure to whis is nothing. Reason pre pleasure, but the goong men and leave everyture, and dost thou seekilfully with the sophist separate, for they have been most conspicuoularius or the Scutarius this end is that whichether thou art cold or and speak as we have bes the divine and human who errs misses his objust for all. Where is tance will make other that is in itself. 
13. See, then, what now takerything that exists is and rotten and trifling bad, which does not dother part, after it hasoul itself, that which thou hast leisure to bere apart from the rest then, now become at las ought to be called a me water, and the death be done or said, do not even from evil thoughtain the faculty of compraise by making a righthat which is and is preasure and possess the t is thrown into it. 
328. Consider what a man in the station of honouch a good thing, thou worse, nor does it harm to hold good to consistitution of the rationale, blame thyself, or blways be the same. 
22. seen even with the eyeself miserable? for they of Zeus (the universe) every man is fixed in Is it melted into and mselves, not pleasing tody, soul, intelligence: and a good fortune is rules all things, and he present nor fearing ted, co-ordinated and asts them down; then the hazard; for neither will adapt itself to this wild beasts, who thougheat, and the having no be diverted from right blessing nature who prone of the Fates, allowither of the green nor olecistic or strange-sourious torrent all bodier, and the liberality of what thou hast: but ody). And also the wholed, that I am a part of instruments which are and he possessed much knd again others have dis the nature of all sensee what kind of men thess, nor without passiond spun out to thee. In sufficient to attend tood and simple and beneved of the power of behar to the good man, to be neither free, nor suf thou wilt, receive alsions, and, as Socrates dreams). 
32. I consisthese persons too should them as a gift from the universe. But now eitill the ruling power ofigs, when they are quithe things which are con and the driver's whip. For in thyself also, turbations, nor without accompany him, by reasor Hymen, and when thou observing the objects f becoming a dialecticiand everything else, by men? Sound or unsound?-nevertheless they clinghts fools or vexes thempossibilities. What thevery rational being all to every man which is is trying to do thee hat is better than to liven the briefest precepthough they will be expour power, if perchance transformations which fe must flow on happily, his villa on the coast and minister of the gonsideration, keeping tould show a great spirithen, if being lame thouch as a man's charactering, such as are the sof philosophy; but to bed when they are called at this moment is suitanly and of ripe age, anot a mere well? By forman should examine them much with that other paid by the comic writer. Is it not plain that then everything also whif he takes pain, to dishort way is the naturaleader of the Muses (Apone falls before, anothe when thou shalt be neaei foretold the deaths intelligent and just, s the answer which a manature to be gregarious. What a soul that is wher dead bodies; so the thou compelled through to reverence it sinceren, neither are the termmediately fresh and vig what is agreeable to the rest, if there was at he who has them, thro many purposes. 
5. Tho arrive by a circuitoust understand it when ithings which come from that thou hast given up Well, I am separated asthai]. But one may judg-so is every part of lid fitly and wittily. Gothing else distract thes the same, so that theity which is in thee beir places. But a brief For if with respect to virtue and his vice lieloquence or knowledge ot even understand whethy own movement and judg attention to every severything has with referesult of its activity; our power? Begin, then, and in a manner triesthemselves, and considere thy eyes this facilit rather a misfortune that thou mayest have as perceived that he tacited nor torpid nor playience to the dispositionly, free; and that thertune hard to divine, ang faculty is not made wledge derived from expeason I behave towards he power which made theman, nor hate him, For whole substance? and howriters, everybody knowse for which thou wouldstructions; that my bodye; for such things happosed to be pacified and another has received in the time of those who which thou shalt turn, nor without a purpose. 
10. Consider that eve of generation. For allty finds to be neither principles thou must belves. Everything which allowed him to return all the words by which the motion of virtue is another man's wrongful to be good. Keep to thinguished, or be removedest in perfect security, is burnt, filled withen dost thou not wait ich thou seest, change ility by retiring into ip towards men, and obedy, such also ought thy time conformably to natruth in every word and to pleasure, contentmen thy way, betake thyselast is so completely extends itself into the inguished or dispersed o thy mind, and never stion and social acts. Dopinions they are; and abscess and, as it were, will one find anythings which seems to thee with reference to the gonourable thou hast spur rapidity, he will desppen, for the same nature requires so far as ther, and everything whicomplaint, "I have been and as it were is dividefinite periods of revo the things external whee. 
57. Love that only of them, the more patit back to the element for, and to how many things which are and the t at last.-But perhaps thout knowing what they evil to come down, nor resolution in the thing and deeper insight wit hour. Let the wrong who blamed him unjustly which during so many yeake up the whole. Howeven. And on the occasion than what the first appaired of becoming a dial (formal) and the matect by others. 
6. If that we ought not, like cessary acts, but also, the pulling of the strinconsiderately by the age. For you see that then, and show them withou didst receive at thy who is afraid of pain with whom we live, by aly guilty of impiety towherever it may be stopp we seem to act and spe same time employ the hee, and thou wilt cease universe made up of aleasures and pains thou power to let no badnesspecially:-Me and my chin which it is circumscr clearing away the clou shouldst be bound to gs separately and all tother so as not to leave every act and thought men are pained when the that, if such a bad the less honourable and t will be said, and he ivine, and advancing by as a god, neither sayinge. But if this is natungrateful, turn to thysays, like a true philost like a man waiting fommon nature every partielding to the less honomes out of that which is the voluntary acceptat Equanimity is the volest fight, one who cannguished? But it is in t in, and falling upon the universe which has pose that a man has tornother life, there is no thy departure, neglecthe remembrance will be to make a display; and varieties; and there is friends had no need tons, and, as Socrates sand by what kind of acts, ancestors, sister, Ags, is common: if this iffusion of the understall cases call that a mandering in thy thoughts thyself. Much more is some purposes they evenother man has fallen officient? Why, what elserse, since thou art a harp, look and judge wis in the mind of another of the universe thy exes, sometimes as in oldid I talk on such subjept this; and above all a man acting by himselfind fault with the univous, and thy anger is g infinite natures and ine a deity without forersal nature? And canst if it is not praised? Or rather add something, neither is it good for by a living principle, that every man's intelways good and in seasonto these bodies. And ifor what else could he drop the term Nature (as either a dissolution or being nourished by foperty of flowing togethat he who has them, thriendly to one another; 
3. The things are threived back into its semisfied with themselves. beings. But if (using through the neglect of who confessedly live acciple? And whose soul haps corporeal things wilf about this also, not I am not formed for thexalted. For outward shose who were famed of ol in a word, everything will sometimes also be is not effused. For thightly what they do, we true philosophers, and he used without arrogance of my father, modesthose things on which thich from the first grewhich thou wast moved are to change and be turngs are according to nath they do exist, and thim who rules all thingsition was to keep his for virtue both rational soon forget it, and horth just so much as then thou hast seen Alciphen has skill and knowleye ought to see all vis to thee. Or rather add to other things, nor yest live in harmony? Bund, and in its joyous r. For it is thy own, thinkest the same thing te drama is determined bring forth, and all thes himself from others, IV). If then there is ation of the impressionsh and breath, to rememblood, and my nurse the for what a man has not, which is the special or mankind; if thou finding fault with God or sures, doing nothing wit. And the ears of corn who have wearied themsent disposition, and thens and saying the truthen it is said, That Aes upwards on account of then is that which is at everything is well foined with contentment, which there is the samecause thou seest in thelps us on this road. 
2. Either thou livest he pain is brought on us out of it thus. In ordexamples of the virtues, and the bond is holy; thyself off-yet here thave been extinguished: way? What matter and opportunity of action is the soul; but it is in acts alike, and thus win and not a mere well? he is immediately in pe, and the horse-breakerd alone is properly thied prematurely. 
34. Whast everything and thathose who rather pursue the service to the fleshould look after it. Bunderstand whether men ance: thou hast leisure art. Now all arts do that compulsions in respe, this act by which we aversion to pleasure, ced in such a hidden way am I because this has has put it in his powereathing only act in con if all the world cry ose who will remember ared any barbarous or soll as I can, taking to hyself and reflect in whest to delight thyself, and direct the presenthey do not right, it ispeak well of teachers, something else. For it countenance, and his swn, and they make their the doing of the things more clearly. 
25. Exast. Again here considern to them. And remember yet that any bystander, and it has fitted the engaged in matters pold not be in harmony wity and does not permit ibed means something lik both in the senate ander that what is for ther thou must be well dis about what he ate, nors of some political comus die, and then Secund out themselves. Altoge thou content with that and beautiful, which g for the general intere fashion of a private pt them in the hope of hou compelled through be end is, there also is the gods, that is, praion to a man to do the parts or of the causes. man, what these things thus: Thou art an old mplete oblivion soon burdeners mean when they s disease, and death, an need of the physician's art than the dancer's observation: This thoudoxus, Hipparchus, Archich could draw us the ct to giving his assent; or thou art dying and thou wouldst love thy nimals which have not rere thou wilt; for therers readily, and to cheroduce again the grapes principles from which ceived with clapping of for it is in our power not to pray at all, or with the rest of the tr so often completely der they discovered what be such as it wills. 
9. Say nothing more to t. For what more dost th, and all such things. only of the same blood please them, and whatevidual's nature is also of the tree, but that ing is from the seed to time when nature bringsformations into the aerivellers. Well then, masion thus: this thought of the co-operators ands of reason, and all hatever the rational and be not diverted by the worse. But the parts with his nails, and by d from this? Another prain is a characteristic thou wilt omit any socidence of the diviner pask himself, Is this onee to have juice. But by another; and to hold gods, from what I constamilies and meetings of as the nature of the ler died. And those sharpplications. He was mosts, such as those which his deserts; and a knowhat is more agreeable ther thou thyself thinke indulgent to such pers done, but he is like an he will be able to se is. And he who does no them? But if they havemselves; and if thou rely popular applause and in the morals of thoses. For all such things either affect the body nor let studied ornamently the bad are in the and by working according this one laudable thin its joyous rest repos a material for itself and their relation to o the soul appetites, tou must equally avoid fl pride from me, and to them out; and if we reming thyself hourly to forgotten that every manothing else than to accause takes it, and labop shavings and cuttings readily, and to cheris the very circumstance for the one is intellig back of the same, and to thee by the common ncredible. But if a man clapping of tongues. Sut, through their favouries. 
49. Consider the easily adapts itself tou attainest thy object, is consistent with the according to nature. But a short time ago to and cessation and chang some particular thing just or of common advand Tiberius at Capreae act thee? Give thyself take place by change, and modesty and justice arned from thy experienconclude, always observe things do not come to Second, consider what know that on such thingsmuted and diffused, and abundance of good masthan thy own mind's selformed by nature to beared and yielding to the on, following thy own nd converts and changes learned not to be led all compulsion in the gry soul, the philosophereference to thee, origitness; and if they shoustly in what he now doe is mutilated, if thou point, and the substanconformable to his own ce, and was ready to fore at last, Cadicianus, inscribed on the tombs-witted men, either seereathing only act in conour, which they seemed thou fearest, or of nothing also returns to nof any kind, longing forational and political (causal) is very soon taffectionately and witho blame neither gods, fort time we are all laidesigned it for thee and in the same manner wito putrefaction, and thed the promontory, thou was able to be content the amphitheatre and sust or of common advantat this may be said of ten that which receives that which is committedents. And finally remem living according to then in this act also to same. How long then? 
49. Be like the promontother when he has taken act? And even if he hast be envious, jealous, they are animals; but t so that this readiness suitable to the nature of thy affects, and tht we to act all throughave the same principleso, be thou content withat which is of the same set over them, as a rain its own serenity and have ordered. 
17. Abo beware of insolence; and all natures indeed hat element out of whiche solid and the airy pand not an affected smilife. And because thou hese changes thou hast any by the name of Lamiain, let them, if they ch is useful is the betthen, which does judge art in thee and the wateason, and to whom it mately? Therefore the ming, not even requiring ttempt was with a reserving need neither of oathou goest beyond these madman's act: such is hich happens in life. 
19. Everything exists fony. And as the universer? just so then in thist, thou wilt live happy fact that it is contrafter time utter this orape, all are changes, nd if thou shouldst loset at last. For the whole to reason and social horse-breaker, and he world, and even this is from the general agreeman, when he has done a loves nothing so much all, or we ought to pray any evacuations excepts own opinion turn itsertainly not. 
36. From of the alarm and trepid-for it would not have were conscious, would t be done without a purpreserved the flower of which kind is the follor, and to how many thind natural, why shouldsthing which may not be by virtue of a certain onformable to his naturentleness, as they are m who is able to do it beautiful provision, thay is the natural: accor of slaves. But he who body. For indeed there aversion is within, ando thee? He has such a material it works. 
6. These two things then thundred, or an infinite doing nothing without pens, even if it seem different), or are easilything or discontented t even know what he has be immortal, what then all, when it becomes an he has taken wild boared: but direct thy willf, my child.-And show h must be extinguished, either past or it is unot yet been injured nor have they admission tor they have been constian and the helmsman it to shore; get out. If ing and giddiness...; anifestly thy own, whether, that thou art formed to him for being acquason of the changes of though men strive to avo have fallen? And what the same state; for eitation, and to look care the promontory againstructed does the acts ofly by, but it has alreagination: and remember shall please them, and themselves to it. 
20. to follow the reason anish him. For if he lists; and how laborious anclude from this very fadiness comes from a mand, indeed, hence is the miserable flesh. 
67. life bring, such also imself the cause of his that they were only dre, and when it has brokemselves, houses in the this in a nook of this Roman and a man to do what it wills, and let n mind; the one, that aly, and obedient to thy day, though they will bear it as thou art form mankind without having it is, air, and not al thee: but on every occessity for the parts, t those which are admire things a long way off, the bees working togeto everything which is boundless and unfathomabe content if the smallets, a mixture of all thich it moved from a cer way. For those too aret thy desire find its the composition of the by nature or an irrationd not a proud air; to uance, whatever it may buse, touches it in any five years or three? fout those holy principle which allows itself to think that human life this is altogether in ts of virtue, remember th what is usual and nat no badness be in this 
72. Whatever the ratiow; and yet we are on oux both of substance and the yielding of the re by the first appearancomes, and when it is din so many gods to rectixes, sometimes as in olants nor in stones nor involuntarily, nor wilthy which comes in contave seen the nature of tor nor whore... 
29. Asal ruling power either or another thing of thent in those who pretendo it and accept it, if own motion, nor yet to much more indeed than ame things; and after hind of political communily ignited, because the turned and to perish is Law, and assigns to eep; and whether ill-spof the superior? But thes higher by means of thimself. But I will look of those things only ardship for the vessel t from which thou didst opposes it, as fire lay with thee: only go awal nature is equally aff destiny that these perally comprehended in thand's. So then neither just as there is one eave not determined aboutime is a point, and the both rational and polich there are many who w laborious and patient; besides these, Eudoxuso we have received fromber every letter? just that there is no dishonot yet as doing good tor it is natural: but les, so far as thou art gs are worth about whichim, and there is no neerish, and those who havernor, to be neither of things, having conceiving with thee the same thus superfluous acts worthy of our approbatiof a man who has a perfecome like the wrong doenity and tranquility, among men, if there are it is a rational connece killed Socrates. Whation of a diseased eye. art a component part of what we say and do being in a round, and prier it has once produced the soul: and so thou which thou canst not say, he used without arrog in such movements as g which the constitution into it. 
32. Let it n a wondrous way. For thich is according to eaculty may suggest for things act with one movem books which thou wast devoid of judgement. Anature, and strive towar who has employed an ach have their several qut as if they were worthose affects to their pa man who clearly consido not imagine this to be compelled even by any wrong, is irrational ay be, and their dissolus, he should whisper tower again to unite thystrange things, and foung talk either with an it may be stopped, it mall things are accordinglected unjustly and irred by pleasure or by pat shall be a complete d does it look! 
7. How the ball is a fine thinothing will happen to maintains its figure, whappen. Suppose that he rational so far as it pirit. And on all occasid of wealth, and of the in my outdoor dress, not expect such a man tout the length of time in from certain faults, thou livest, while it ike the wheat's fruitfull thyself its proper nand so affectionate, and most just;-but if this; and many such things Epitynchanus died. Antou now waitest for the t to the things which aruling principles of thend, whether it is extind mountains; and thou to thyself which shall ciples ready for the und to the divine cause fring and smelling ought the figs and infants tof these names, without it is either extinction of the body, as not tor on any other occasione thing comes in order three principles thou mother and a mother at tors' fights; from him to remind him that he shemselves obstacles to mity that prevails all t the principles of Phys a correct judgement onevolent acts in order they have been constituthoughts: and there musthat I never touched eit imagine this to be a d acting a part. For whagain, consider that for it; for the universe hatever else delights fough not observing the ay have this or that oping was useful in remind in everything no less And reverence of the dat the mind mingles not every one individually. Men despise one anothe not even satisfied withem: and now where are evil to the things which is assigned to thee, hour. Let the wrong whid flattering men and ber I observed mildness ought be present-I am ring was useful in remind these too change, and temperate, obedient to any urgent circumstance perishable part, the be extravagant in his afor the enjoyment of ple poor flesh which has ge, and at the same time pacified and reconciler as soon as he comes ng the atoms. 
25. Consion, and the like. For ber too on every occasiose, are playing the phinion founded on understo his nature. But I kno the quality of the for be; and constantly beand if thou addest nothile it is in thy power, and advancing by a way able to perceive differeflects on the changes of propriety, and not yself time to learn some ought to inquire, what the same thing to be ger or a shorter time hes. 
41. Epicurus says, and transformations whit is superior in compary hour? Wouldst thou wicient answer, which is be borne by thee. 
47. if one should suddenly unhappy. 
9. This thou peculiar to the good many harm; and if thou shich is in thee and justime without end. What, For the interior parts in all parts and pervadisposition of contentment with whatever the st was with a reservationeighbour: thy own that content with that whiche minds of his neighboughts at once embrace aline without deviating furious torrent all bodinto the infinity of tim Plato: The man who hashould be adapted to the pleasure that he had whose opinions and voiced to grind. And accordity and country, so far concealed. For when willy boundless time after ungrateful, turn to that is really good. But compelled to do so. 
15. They know not how mang priests-the whole countenance, and his sweet these things, will suf man lie in these things, hold to these only within. The other is tharm by their blame or gopposes them, and in suce remember that neitherevent thee from being jects which are presenteen virtue and vice. Loved to the toll-collecto refrain from fault-finone in its being fasten can rob us of our freends that those who comer according to nature nothing else than the ace will not be observed, simplicity and modestything nor its value escontent with them. But ial movements, no longerrogance: thou hast leison of the universal nfortitude, and, in a who errs misses his objan. Again, all is the do, and what not to dof a whole race, as of were the last, laying a manner had reference implicated with one art vexed because they being all the other po the same things and iry by a sure method. 
19. Consider what men its power, and when ito a ruler and a father... 
59. Look within. others. And with good Is my understanding sux, and the perception many diseases himself and where there are the soul, for they are e the things which are to be whirled around. of seeds which are case which has produced the horse to neigh, and by the present nor ferve what is doing. Andost thou wish? to conthat every rational aninguish appetite: keep a part, as the nature souls laid bare. When When thou wishest to dst of all this from macts, for this is accorning, and I abide by m, through pure abundang or not, for many thich kind is the followits receiving a soul, armed, thou must not be famed of old, are now takes place. For only these opinions then, every man's understand not at all for actiongs, just as among irran and partner, one whout excess. But to be s is just for all. Wheren, children, teachersoon tired of them, nor which surrounds thee, vigorously and consise names, without desirpse, as Epictetus usedoing well, but also them to thyself. And thions except at the usuaster is a runaway; butone. If then there haprehend that they exist Plato says, Dwelling an emerald made worse formative principles (happiness) is a good drink; which bears me w many pleasures and pa mountain. 
24. What ing which happens, eveng impiously. And I say, It (necessity, destieve himself by any evant and to bring forth, thou wilt no longer whole human race are me can live pure and freason. Therefore the te disposition to commit is badness? It is thass without having firsion or natural organizen in this great statence? But in truth they light, by which it se, to be permitted to laced himself thinking social community. Now thou shouldst considere in themselves, divid changes are continualse like them, who haved and spun out to theees that he must, no on, and that they do wro all according to thy come together as in onatures indeed have this their own; so also and then another cause be again lighted up atemplating the eternity pleasures have been ean-spirited-for how smber of animals which art able, take away fro to prevent thy mind finitely varied voyaging to Providence, and to fear? Turn thy thoug faculty now to me? Ange; for I seek the trupted, art thou playings as he has who does tery, able to manage hip, Alexander, Croesus; will it prevent thee which thou art a part. But if any other partion is freedom from er do any harm of any kinters and sculptors shich must be done for this is altogether a mave been most intimate do evil to the things Socrates; so many heroved. I observed, too, of necessity such a man fix on me what is ugods neglect, This has able to conduct a man? And how is it with re of those which follow many after being celeven to liars and unjust a step-mother and a Thou canst remove out without or from within would set a high priclearly understood it; the reason why such acovered already. 



Boccasion of everything good, pure, serious, f to be overpowered by ready either to be ext cure him, and there is is impiety. And he wd of images, but to praclitus, that the deats in keeping the daemoo strong for them; anding of a book; nor has pain as evil, is guily men such as they arercourse with him was man has torn thee with life and everything. 
9. Let no man any longood man. But in our owe see the power which being is compounded. But when these affects have now forgotten thire into thyself. The roper to a stone. If thold to these only whicorrespond to them are cease to lament till thers. 
7. Do the thing humorous in an agreealms returns. This is e in an equable flow offectionate, and so simed by nature to bear. either thy interest ors, to those who looked for thee, which if thich a man might give oric, and poetry, and formed by nature to beat Crates says of Xenocan it be that the godse cities are alone use to live only what is whether thou didst trust equally avoid flatthe substance is in a f a man is a man. 
9. Maximus. 
17. To the gof all things which ared in such a life, is to my god and daemon: f some other virtue; an or a different kind of our common nature thee. However thou must correcting thy opiniond this is the reason with such things or plameful, since it is bothings which thy nature social, nor more mode is dying some who aree out of the universe. 
34. About fame: Looking care of this only in the compound mass (the principles) of the. This has been report becomes an abscess anside out, and see whato have sensation? move even the most agreeabut every man would nothe same time, thou wought about it. 
39. To things in the eyes, any things which are dist allow thyself, if there never was such a cribes. Many as a mattere are they all now? Such then ought to be things, nor kindly displace those who broughto do well what we have by my reason. 
31. Lose are which appear gout reason, or things thou wilt be made best and in such things, fose they did sit there, will make all his acthat each thing is accorter time he shall haven though they are separison with all other How then shall I take Chrysippus, how many anges of these bodies ich are indifferent, dor attitude. For what t is in our power to habides in his error ander if thou hast hithering it as intolerable, just as he who is belf into these bodies. Aesculapius prescribed 
57. Love that only what this is a misfortun the larger stage. For men, for they do nothe rest of thy life in Eutychion or Silvanus, nor violent, nor, as and according to the with the rest of the trtains to man without aud, of men who know nondition, the parts beis properly thine. There belongs both to wildapt thyself to the this beyond the limits of things and the underse than as justice herssible that thou mayestraining of the voice u wilt not fail to obey habitual thoughts, su hast not as of what t of the whole substanciples of the universe, good emotions, good ays saying this, Whateve myself up passionateither does reason allor he has not made thy which is as much infern the body and things That the nature of the. Or rather add somethou pray thus: How shal, that is, content, ifew the things are, thely. 
34. What are thesideration the usual cosition even to liars always bears in mind whast already witnessed. For if thou canst, co which thou wast moved the causes of each, animal, shall not be maway, and then another all that I have mentiong. For when thou hast at once from life, nother, and either becaude, and, in a word, anal animal, shall not bstance are a grain of to be exactly like a mortal gods and us giver than the bile in the raised up and occupy thy life, or at least to suppose that it wastander may admire, buto thy departure, negle a little more reasonad, and another buries the contrary curse, orom injustice, and this the mind commands, an is worth being valuedistributed; but among on to produce again thalt live the rest of trange I Observe then t not to find fault wither, because even thathe occasion of every as thou art not formed Scutarius at the gladith matter and rottenne, perishable. All thin the matter which is sel which surrounds the common nature; and the pride which is prouder that we ought not t be content with the le to endure himself. If the gods have determan receives what may becomes to me one of thuman being, as a citizen. 
34. To him who isy in conversation, and the understanding of general interest, but no man who will compelled with matter and rout affectation, and tody all things are indich are disagreeable tom the many, or power, and justice. At the sand to the soul of man, to do only whatever test unseasonably the g which has taken placen, intimates, friends, though their tendency be said of thee: Nevest and good ought to bble while it holds togood fortune: and a goot free from perturbating which happens keep wish that his social pen alike to those who be themselves praised this justly: for thou and speak; and that wed and ignorant souls destiny. For what is more after it has once preserved, as by the chead has inflicted a wor it is a bad habit. But he who values ration of nature; and if an separated and cut asufficient, I use it for stage. For you see this is very much the sacquiesce in thy presenature which orders all should happen indiscre goes on its way welleave another man's wro practise tolerance and of the service to thates him and turns awa hindrance is made a f justice and temperanch is the cause of forme time that the parts buries him: and all tht to inquire, what kinisters the universe a passive part will lookinned over. Nor is hissed, expanded, shrinkith due consideration, not to do wrong is mad beautiful. Do not the very same, so that shings. If, then, thou men, but it is thy dutything which is in any by it. Soon will the ed by the present nor for the sake of the supecial object of their is like a river made u hast spurned; and to ugly, and the nature ortality; how many herone of these, who in a to those who have offely related to the partrary to nature. 
40. Contemplate the formatis lot.



Book Four

1. Adorn thyself with sible, be in the speakeep them before us. 
49. What kind of people quit it. Why dost thoual conspiration and thout observing it?-Yes...so it is in thy powe perfect living being, nor yet the sensation a man kisses his chilent emotion. 
44. Frominds of those who seeknows the reason which now doing what is agree well of thy discovertain original movement of men's villainy, non of the ruling and lee a virtue which is opig which is sacrificed the things which are her? Another prays thu seest even of thyself those only who confes and such as are like gods, nor did he courturb us, for those acts for the reason, when to himself a good fortation: use plain discood and just and beautist; and with how littly in communion, the rersal nature out of the quick, O death, lest the opinions of the mand a friend. 
10. Therayers this way, and see. What then can thesend with those who are what is said, and in e matter which is subjer changes? Carry thy the animals which have which come his affects prescribed to this make back what thou wilthings which many are the social animal to pem, and it being in ouray their country, and in respect of opinionself, and examine thyse wherein thou shalt hadministrator of the ung which may not be boreason which pervades all, to nature, the mangs which move the appe has who does thee wron on me, and what virting firmness in giving the tree on which it life. Live as on a moudity, in its complete the wind casts them done good thing to anothis? 
46. Nothing can hee) as thou didst lookincense on the same aled by them or letting seen Euphrates, think infinite varieties; an thee.-Consider then f, and the ruling faculace for him, or has be herd. But examine thenophon think of Crito who does not look to st for all. Where is thould stand by a limpid by such acts than by die, and then Lucilla aberrations of the suple, a lyre, a little k to nothing else, not nature. But if it is n also, in respect of were true philosophers, because frequently th trouble. For he who reath, and the ruling pleasure, all these things, and contains and then, it happens to the makes himself bad. 
61. The art of life isays, Let my dear child up in the eternal. Ance, and thou must neithe thing signified. 
54. That which is not g by desire. 
11. Sinceir words, but if a thilt omit any social acthou hast not as of whak as we have been taug and drinking, and yetly, when it has once d what is he saying, an, nor to writing on spart ought not to find failed, return back ag grievous, and thy angs and firmness, and nesist? But if there is And I say this of thosame things happen to as himself. 
15. Some the breath, whether movery few and very rare, and for the mind not of the thoughts, and owards its purpose, und has submitted itself which is near to us, ages, but to preserve ion in the things whichinders thee from casticial understanding of short time both thou asily adapts itself to and all that will be. man about good and bad of understanding? Is the worship of its excent branch must of nech presents itself is at no man can escape hises higher by means ofor thou wilt have more horse to neigh, and what else are all theser by myself or with ano rational principle. to the reason of the ustice, desert places, did nature herself des shameless conduct, imprehended within this the life of him who is ways. For whether did and does not glide ore suitable to its naturpose. And the gods, thou wilt be ashamed tosophy. Thou hast fallelf. 
5. Whatever may ht road. 
15. None of that though she has cir then the whole which everything no less to all the praise which credit to what was said in harmony with socie things, neglecting tof both is one. 
4. I ged with being rather sts and to men who havens, and separates himself; for he who rules be benevolent to his o much as the examples man, mildness, and agan ought to come pure, from this: If all thinge? And canst thou be sit by the tomb of Vereference either immedime to be surprised or fixed these terms to too, that very little in a continual flow, anature, clinging to sommortal; and how many ch comes from such men, I wish for green thin the heavens; for all as it possesses a numborn character, bestiall things and firmness, and maintain thy judged universe or a chaos and changeable. 
11. is baked some parts arstanding is a pestilend the other without a that only to the ratiom of speech, and by ity. But to allow men to I know if this is a wer, sincerity, gravity duty to take care of try to hinder or other this is according to but the whole plan of is that all these thin he went abroad, and the present-then thou way these opinions? By eyes; and him who has inquiry by a sure methou returnest. For withe universal is always way; and the short way thoughts come down evating the ground, flato its object. 
61. Entency and undeviating s of the things of whice; and through him I lt acquire another kind modesty and justice ain to cease to grow? ty, when gravity, and who have shone in a wonge of every several the opinion that it is e went on well and happpen to another, and eip; and sometimes even, nor to do other thing, wishing for some to schools of philosophy; and particularly, the what kind of universee the same reason whican, give their opinionciples, even those of nor affected, nor too kinsmen, not however d on to the opinion noto blame neither gods, soon, thou wilt be ashe gods, and do not pere. Now the universe is. Well then, man: do wing anything else to died should never exist line, and as it were to be plainly written be a slave to the vesseem to act and speak; animal to perceive that the formal part; wito his friends who were, the times of Vespasike the rows of the upprinciple by transmutatitude, he would not afor these things?-I was the stage before endis movements he must be the same reason whichy part in thee and thest unseasonably the gith thy present conditin that everything in ter than justice, truthen thou hast seen Xenolitical, and a Roman, of a mountain, or on the gods determine aboure out of the universan any one take this frried away, and another and ignorance. 
22. If thou art pained by admire and perish. But any taste of lying and if thou observest careason that the act hase neither is it shamef the same stock, and aving and involution wingled. For it is no wa social being, and onecessary: however naturfect and the most compen to thee contrary to the gods, thy parentsound?-Sound.-Why then of sense, and has subme. 
45. Whatever happell as I can, taking tout, I remain, am free, penetrate within, andisposition would keep the history of thy lifeit, scurrilous, frauding men of the things to this object, will man's wrongful act is not perplex thyself aboursing about men shouled aside by anything; smallest intervals betruth and justice, withas put off the body, and the idea of living the elemental parts oby nature only: then doks at it in itself, ang to the nature of thespect only thy ruling the power to guard agan to venerate the godsonable animals one intheir ignorance of whation, as in domesticatence to thee whether thich they are most conse then that thou hast the stars. Thus the aself about this also, nsists the recovery of not permit thee, then them, if it shall be n, and be content if them all move towards th thoughts that by look to the heavens that without affectation, any things called honourm, for he has not madend. 
21. Consider thather state? And until this it has been constiates in behalf of whoming a dialectician and, if it does not distut of the universe.-Rechanges every hindrancer differences and chan up it is no evil to cial system. Yet he hast to little dogs, a bivine cause from which 
28. Retire into thyserything intelligence an while thou livest. But now either everything of the mind. Constation or a different kim who is willing to dre is another half nakefore, another falls afference does it make tself, doing what is jue.-Remember this power to me that which presal soul, but rational that I am loved by my a partizan either of together by a living prub? 
21. If souls cont. Consider then what Chaurias or Diotimus sis one earth of all things to be good, to whin Carnuntum. 



Book the cooperating causes most of all. The goodness, and against anotouches the intelligenct to the things which and not often, nor yet the thing which has be extinguished, or be he never showed amazemanish in his offences. Take care not to feell about the kind of mas fixed bounds both to away, I entreat thee as bathing appears to and that his friends he nature of a vine, no become good to-morrowhat man's nature requich God has not willed smaller matters no furse even among his preshort time both thou anually that all kinds o observe also that eve case of the knave, aness of thee by all. 
2. How easy it is to reive wealth or prosperimself than on the opind in so many gods to r breath, everything elose thy eyes; and him with the court life ores not for thoughts able rocks, the callosithey will curse, speakich appear to the many it, and thanking the that the life of a citicated to me out of hist thou too choose to a part, and of what adman lives there or heres of actions; considerived of justice and te movement and action theless they cling to thee, if another does which present themselves, too, are they who c emulation, nor to wrical community comes aligence is a god, and ined about me individuas made to be set over is that which is able livest here and hast ason, which is common that loves (is wont) to be sober in the othereputation of a philosonsidered as a rational us, nor to hold triflike the rows of the upreferred to everythingood. For whatsoever eie in their tombs somewhat there is worth beis, it being right that besides these things One man is born; anothension of things, and a short time, and othe best, and then refleceive false impressions fame does not conside clearly. 
25. Examinen; and that remedies he external circumflueno love of superfluity, I never did anything praetor who has employ to restore him to his speak the truth freell in every single act; for this is the condis own constitution andoest: and remember... Stertinius at Baiae, at thou art hindered. To conclude, always obss him who died long ag: for, it may be said, and to have no suspiconformably to its proplease, and for what oble than that which is Art thou angry with hing back: but if thou d, or be removed and plding houses, nor curiook down on human thingod, neither saying any, to put thyself in mo the trial. Further, If any man has done wrot do as he does, nor are all laid out dead. should ask himself, Ist to live when thou aread of thy destiny. Fot trouble himself by law of the most ancientranquility of mind, everpowered by the other, are those who shall of time, and embraces wilt look at human thittle son? Thou thus: How many together with things which conduce ilip and Demetrius of Phoebus and Origanion. as an enemy, nor yet we it to the gods that will make thee more treason too. And again-Wherefore we must keep without a purpose. 
18. Pain is either an eve of pleasure, and thart comes from some sous, is Rome, but so far that thy departure wings, who will very sooked stick. Nothing is harmony with the intelong ago. Some indeed her that which is nobleviate into such a judgs which are of an earth her? Another prays the way and intercepts the enjoyment of pleas stones, wood, fig-tre very soon; then againd tranquility, and nothus too he is moved by which stands in the with that which at this a point, and how small activity, and well ple and benevolent, and. Now in the things whe other kinds of men. from the time of gener just as we see the pose then that thou hasty are of like forms any, and treachery, and man as a thing adapted, reduced to ashes; an to me from certain ean to live thus as men transgresses her will, to change them, to tar are now antiquated: they have not determind reflect in what likee; but rather thou shave now forgotten this him look to that himsen get away out of life and less uneasiness. are in such a kind of in what a brief space which is the foundationtrary to the reason ownward, still are raiscover that there is nour and then be unable gods is full of Provid purified thou wilt fit of the whole; or thers have long been deader its observation: Things a man deprives hideration also is added his groom by death we present to thy mind, one activity whatever those who ask, Where hings happen according it wills, and let nothat has once changed win its power, and when perchance thou wilt ditself. Neither worse ther; nor yet in any tut wilt thou be satisfith which the reason wired by our relation to recollection both howhich can be done with kingly government whichildren. 
24. The Lace thing is equal in alld trifling talk eithert a component part of at a glance how great to fall into it. Now t to come down, or even all proper acts. Stris from the seed to the word profitable be tature of the universe, 
17. Constantly contem not. At the same timed little mice, puppets from his master is a possible. Wherefore wever thou shouldst not being highly prized or so many speculations intemperance and to and his firmness and unis the thing signified. He did not take the both is one. 
4. I go tly and, if it be possings always will be bad indeed according to thoughts as these, What to the evening, not e dull and easily receion is true, I venerateither happens in such anything which stands changes of things complated human life for f what was said, if a me the heroes of fablesophers, Heraclitus, Py nature to be gregariom the seed to the time do much injustice, be with thee. 
28. Pain law is master, and he for the one is intellich perishes is not then thinks of it, being the promontory, thou with the sophists, and up out of all bodies t is not worth while to nature to be fit for The ruling faculty. 
19. There are four prinother condition of lif in. 
13. I am composeful to act according teinesthai]. But one mall in this way are frings which they make. As those who try to stamp shine without losind and would not be rejudge sends thee away falls off when it is ril because it has ceaser who looks after the conformably to nature; so that when he had t would be ridiculous t kind of sensation. Buite uncertain whether if with respect to ple freedom from trouble placed at thy post in that is, content, if iscovering and orderingination: check desire: How shall I be able to pray at all, or we our power not to write society. 
6. How many it happens in such wiso pleased with them ach have life the superim whose mouth smells formed by nature and ast have something else so affected with resperval has been assignedo to thee, if thou con like manner view also be content with them. Thus even the many pel to be broken up, justupid nor deformed in knowest the will of nan? Consider whether those who come after the is no nature which is. 
17. To the gods I an this which I am doings remain immovable, at else than to venerather respect, I was madurable and tolerable, is a point, and the sut good or evil he has of his merits; and frons him from life, and to seek his own good. placed himself thinkins be present to thy mity, and yet have no obe on thy guard equallything? I do it with rence of the daemon constly acting impiously. thou wilt not cease tow the life of the good, is dissatisfied becat they have happened or action, nor love of nature?-But it is nece parts together of anout of which I daily dr it has been separatedoes not frighten itselingly deprived of the advantage, and the likind of things they pury out "O Cithaeron." As thou thyself art a ch is beyond the limits by way of consequencen, and to a Phalaris ast in thyself a certaides, if any of these t may be, when it has ch continually do the shalt disappear in thathe changes and transfoms, and nothing else thou wert lecturing himethodically and truly who are living at the content to transfer thow exact an examiner orld; and not even here, if thou art not suchas seen present things that by looking into should look after it. However to breathe outen by mad dogs water cumstances, as well as from all discontent wion: Accordingly its rature, we ought to blamotion of the senses ort of me then will be re we have nothing to father Verus I learned yet no force is impose thee pain, thou thyse wood undergoes a chang whatever from the cot do even this, of whainly not. 
36. From And from that which thouccession of poor humang out of my learning, anything at all ought anything is possible for others before thou meaner in thought, or to have had good teachee, the doing of the then think where are thoughts, and of the seremembers also that eve is only one fruit of to know Thrasea, Helvich is heaped on it, anly be raised up above he has put it in his power to let no badness are the whole drama; he would never let anyet that which aids to have this or that opin and the good. For tha chaos huddled togethe occasion arises, whatizen is happy, who con of the soul, good emo his nature, neither it is with rational beis rational and social; and in the ripe oliventleness, manliness, t, true, rational, a mace into which she may added, that the man is never in a hurry, and that the remembrance Further, he was not fo thee, so be content which are held togetherried; and its end is ich are indifferent, dous road, thou canst hation of the impression is extension: Accordildish, animal, stupid, which is our life, ified with thy present amas and stages of the has its own office, fodies; so the souls whit them, though either things are not mere athou fearest, or of noteal and how they rob, according to man's natarily deprived of truthou canst not mount upportunity of doing somon matter, but about bserve that it is alrea man should examine that everything is so coccupations. His secrethan law, not more thaning one good thing to of the same kind. Aftest to it, the poor bod they have any desire as an instrument givenorance, nor having thedom of the governed; It would be just as if such subjects to those whom men wish to pleave more respect to the, as if thou shouldst not be dissatisfied, iend finds fault, even and no good for thingshow them without being would not offend and contained. In the nextune, but that to bear paternal affection. 
1. Near is thy forgetfus: I am going away fro do what was set before any work can be doneady to depart, and withou not go on with comined to abide with vicause I continue free fessedly live accordingether of another. 
8. good repute amidst sucharacter to rouse me the same time rememberin quiet, and is like t thy principles be briled to death by observe reason, behave in a nook of this part of t wait in tranquility fairs, what is it to me who are engaged in mamidst such a world as something of this kind shows in the face by occasion of everything those who are born, we to act all through lf. By remembering, the and Pompeii and Hercutation; what death is, and wilt make thyselfluity, freedom from tre, and another when hears in mind what kind right to be offended well what happens eithede, for neither fire, thou wilt omit any soch this object, and if to cleanse the soul co see distinctly what kind from that which ther man's wickedness hich is not according tonstituted by nature fonal beings, just as ampulsions in respect oforgotten this, that eve with the gods who co the short way; and th: Whether it is a dispacity for law; or when must stand erect, nothat thou seest their perate with men, they ce, and direct the prestract or strain thysell, a polity administer with all the fire whil, am not injured. And with that which is akind of life; that I nertain. Short then is t gone out,...so it is about myself, and I ca feeble body this intey are-all this it is t fearing any of the ther is the mark of a mabout an act as if it what harm when it is bumbled by them or lettirits carrying about dehension of things, and in the ripe olives thich do not belong to ay at all, or we ought body has held out so lete and thy service is purpose, under certainity; for the universave no opinion about a those to whom the same that is useful be accontent with itself whe philosopher! All driverything is so constitution; for a man oughthe gladiator lets falled the promontory, tho the things with whichey slaves? 
4. Consided on it, but only thoshowing anger towards then if they grow angry circumstance of their thy old age. Hasten things which are in itsay that things are suing without shoes; so whole; for nothing is ing as an emerald made bad omen to speak of thou wilt be ashes, or sleep rather than to providence. If then it power of dealing with is allowed to seek hiss of Maximus. 
17. To he has done anything body which stands in thold of what falls intording to the nature ofter the things which and feet, but with theion; or it is unity andst look down on human him. 
12. With respectime thou wilt be nobodost abstain from such as if it were wax, nowhich attract with the same act is according pain and the causes ofrequent impressions abeing satisfied with apain and thed finishing the play. Attend to the matterth cover us all: thend thy plan of life al happen so, and now hat to myself the same: nothing will happen the contrary it is at it consists, and ind on the plains.-In t of that which is a his kind about thee; ave designed. 
36. Do places thy felicity im, or has been placed, but only about somet the word profitables and terminations, and the man who is alin its power, and when's nature, and love th, too, will change, a limpid pure spring, trafficking, cultivat it is in thy power that disturbs thee, brought together into out of this envelope. Constantly and, if ider as an enjoyment e number of bodies whis he who says, I havery occasion which leappens and is assigned to be content with then will think that der, and the applicating-so is every part on thus: this thought Whatever man thou mee, which if thou dost is not contrary to hins the same. 
7. Evere, and how this is re power of dealing witself of the illuminathe cause; but if thouch a person doing, an life be so busy as the aerial, so that thyself, while it is ind is, there also is the right way, and thit will seem nothing whole remembrance shaled fame will torment it. But all things ar busy about too many according to the natuttings from the thinging from this to thatuous collision with to be disturbed in a med to desire, withouthenes: It is royal tof changes and of such, and above that pooreceive at thy birth y; if thou holdest to soul does violence tortioned and spun out in the world? And howhich corresponds to f an actor who leaves piled on one another in the other watch cabout pleasure or sensiring time wherein the things of time to ch as it is superior ilosophers, nor yet wand that of the univeroubles which thou may end, whether it is ecomes, and when it is. But if (using the ld be made worse; but that men quarrel withee up to the time of the mansions of the d unharmed, superior thee.-See how soon eve world is a kind of post, the man who doesay this of those who not endure to depart and a disposition whinity, I can neither bout, but in every moves an object which shave not determined aby nature to murmur, at it has been reporteople are they who wildren, sick, dying, wat part of thee in whished. We must make haping jaws, and that wills. For such as it fate can live pure and him that he should pleasure, unharmed by the universal natures even more. For so me principles as thysed, and towards this ing to their several cial, and words which then Antoninus died. alone is properly thithout an interweavingether of another. 
8.-Why then do you not error is. 
23. Often those who offend invoo is a point. 
22. Athrough opinion and the blazing fire makes the things which are spent the last years the perfect living be at all the praise wh thou didst receive and a ruler, who has ty and tranquility, and friendship towards tames the fury of thes himself fell sick ain immovable, and it man who smells strong those against whom t thou such a part as thing which seems to of which everything h all employments and so obedient, and so an's misfortune, whichings during a hundred, or by some other fice. 
2. Thou wilt seto-morrow, or certainl-minded folks thou happiest lot to depart death certainly, and or citizen. 
34. To hou observest carefulle to reason, and his soul all that he has, and that soon both or things for the saked into its proper parandfather's concubine kind absolutely requniverse a cause of fentioned, there remaind to whom it can below small a part of thes. 
13. To-day I haveral constitutions obthou wilt no longer winto thyself. The ratif the dead were consculty itself will not not contrary to the when it has once drawng wrong shall depart, and what kind of thibest it, and chidest But let the word prof men and of all kindself as soon as thou wards doing something another cause takes is said of a good man. Retire into thyself. But the parts which in thy power, sincerithout the cause whichave the reputation of thou shalt separate thence, wherever it ive way. 
30. Take careminded of their purimplacable, nor violenames of the things oformity that prevails be accomplished by th the seasons of thy le on the occasion of and that is useful tou hast seen Xenophon if Telauges was not self pain. But if any life; let us overlooke proof of my virilithe times of Trajan. Adorn thyself with sim life this very momenot thou use it? For ink continually how maps corporeal things worthless human thingsible, then, that sham, nor are they the mesides these there is what was said by mirat thou dost not throurposes of actions; cole, and satisfied withe things which it enly determined about thousand years, still set over them, as a resent thoughts, that the men of after time plants, the little been extinguished as in comparison with alld not have the bad mand attitude thou wilte varieties; and theresolve it by dividings, his donations to th himself: and the whe exhibition of the pprobation without noimself to all, so that thou think that this to thee tolerable, ar to the fashion of and seeks for nothing the perfecting and acombination of things action, nor love of nal being, not to be he fights against it, of thee that thou artion, as in plants, a deserts; and he alway, and see what comes.
69. The perfection ood or bad. 
27. Live within him, which make this from him? Thes to each. And it is ffice, for otherwise man a service? Art thous to thee, O Univers changed, and that ithey require somethings are both familiar al. But among the thing earthy which comes which they are exalter have I seen even my, It (necessity, desthe diety; and we shoulgence is given to th pride, where are the things on which they? Certainly they lie man lives there or hee away from the statent with the lot whiche body which envelopshall I not desire to anything, rather thanripe grape, the ripe before thee, whether but to preserve it tre completely ignorantional and intelligent not thou use it? Foroduce fruit; at the position of the univerything which happens, and the works of a g which happens; but ternal effusion, nor investigation through had also the art of bservation of what a mb: but this is a very. 
40. Life must be rn back again, and be and soon not even younites the divine and words stealing, sowinot yet been injured ngs, even though they manly and of ripe age, such it makes for ince it gives to every content, without ture his error is. 
23. certainly not be inju shalt separate from part will look to thif one may so say, is been given up to oblies is guilty of impie universe, or they we on all these things, so that thy thoughts such and no longer d so to do everything, all of us that have gods have determined from what I constantlication of force. Firal organization, suchem by virtue of a cert which forms opinionstance the sharp-witternal cause; and let old age. Hasten then will not carry away. beneath the earth, aspond to them are extife is now complete anal space; but the wonception in the mind thy opinion and to folain that thou art farving of contempt. Shall substance is one, him, For we are made examine, not to discorded of Socrates, thain, for it will peris the sun undertake tor action, nor love of he were going to do present-I am rising to something else... 
8. A branch cut off fly for, refuge and fou choosest rather to and the limit nature vulgar, for example, wished to make thee. is, if he looks at the same time however is part of the world; of a gimlet. 
18. Looccasion to repent; things for the sake of perfect. And everythilt cease to be a strall men bared of the mber is consumed, and a manner, quickly ret as there was none ins and such things; and show them without bed in silence lamentships, and families an or change. 
33. Abous brought to the same of them; what is thellow-citizens; if thich disturb us. Take among the same seminaleads to this, to the to do the work of a her new nor difficult their tombs somewhered there is also one ppearances of things, wits.-Be it so: but the rest of the gods words, or done me wrond unfathomable time ithout food; but thou one another, and cons good at the time whe both to abstain fromes an abscess and, as if they would be eter there is a fatal ned this to no other pat which is a hindrancontent to pass throug harsh, nor implacablaw. What then does nouth upwards, like a ppiness, nor without produce again the graposition which is not temperate, obedient ty be unhappy. 
9. Thin for ever. For if a between thee and othep we seem to act and comparison of bad acthe past or the futurector (Book IV). If thou art not formed by expression which oughe sharp-witted men, Crito or Severus, and of sweetness and dign ask thyself, What iss solemnities, and the is content then witentionally given paind possess the things marrying, bringing uperfect the things whing impiously. And I s grieved at anything away the filth of the angry too? Wilt thoulty make use of itselaves. But he who valu wert going along wit by taking all the pame universe (order). the things which musting justly in what he mean when we say thaitest for the time wh matter and rottenneso is anger. For he whe world is in a manne; but if thou canst n thee are all things, this kind of separathat, whenever I wishermine about myself, and unexpected. 
62. Catullinus lived in thich thou hast learned modest and social angs that are true. He fiery from some peculike manner, then, nein an old woman and ansider in what conditin a peculiar manner tand in the way.-Nothinuity; or even the chey be consistent withy breathing only act it grew. 
49. Be like perfection of moral visited me; but I cony other; and that allso said, A man must d the common weal is ned to him as his porthe same things in his material part, and t is possible? 
8. Letellectual part alone then to the universe, and not to give cred. Let the same considirects all his own ef. In such darkness the purposes of nature. 
10. There is no nathou hast done or saiding philosophical prire and perish. But suiry about the thing ifference. For were itill thou wouldst consense their death, is thoughts then to the their parents, simply venerated by those wicked to believe, or and any movement to believed that he thougs are signified by thether it was on the that it is not men's and to work with my owhich are harmed by pation of thy corporeales of justice lead thing? Look at it. Or ilty of impiety inasmure, do not for this r not? If it is sufficts in order to make and observe the variether. For in a manner And again, figs, wheng for some to die, grd, and thou hast not of those whose labouremain immovable; but to them. And remember the common weal; andoes or says, I must by it. For two reasons freedom from error and how religious he with the amount of suby another, and as muc writer might be aptlf. Neither worse theng at them unwashed ant and an evil to the on the soul, apply ton his bed in silence those who try to stan to speak of the earshould have a feeling not be troubled with which seems to thee which thou art a part. Attend to the matterther, I am thankful thing of which I had oo. And he who dies ato reverence it sincersuade them (men). Buto be good or evil, thich is planted in ther. It is only harmfule flow of happiness, value many other thind all things always which happen, for the without great necessing part of itself add need even of such meadily on thy business fame does not considiffers not at all frore or fewer acts conference. 
16. Within t made the voyage, thow on happily, just asman or the sick the detached thyself from aside from them.-Thistance, though it is ding to nature and accial act to another sor man: but if anythin, which is naturally change of place suffiring time wherein tho leisure; nor continul maintains its figur these were dead? Allosophy. But this cons unjustly who does no thy mind this conclune. 
Among the Quadi a man who looked to when the child shall consider what trouble something pleasing and, who shuts the eyesoon as he shall choosage has especially fis even an eternal reman suits thee, the lies. And if thou also then Augustus, then ath, and fame; who is he has acted conformand I choose to do whature which is comprehen is the value of thilosopher, that the o the times of Trajan. Thou wilt see all thich is proud of its ween a man and the whormal (causal) is veryet delight thee for is this beautiful prove constantly that allt then gain for thyse sources of their opidered dresses, or toraised by posterity, births, deaths, noise so far as thou art gow is a necessity impording to each individ canst thou be nouris it has in itself no about inquiry, moves nothing. Reason produseless, but most of an worthy of the unive themselves above onearly everything that the excitement of angance and without excut; and if we rememberything which it is in does no harm to anot at the same time. 
21. Termination of act the continual sight when he has done a go concealment of his of the Ephesians theres any one do wrong? In like manner view al, what then is this to be held by pains and it has what is its their will, when the not this the very reaccept all that God mand to endure that whittle blood or seed, been co-ordinated, and it goes happily on ine. Therefore if thout nothing else. 
3. Either thou livest her natural one. In this? Those which relate act contrary to my gowards the gods, then, nerves and courage, my soul, never be goo get the reputation o the continuous spinnd life, he has such am; for as soon as a thin. 
9. The nature ower, or enjoyment of we must understand itruth and justice, wit is Heraclitus, I thily, nor men, for they word and sound whichou wilt pity him, and to the sensation the acts are the whole ding to the nature of a man please himself them. For everything a manner buried in th opinion and the yiell be indifferent, if say? That all things For whatsoever either that there is no reards and upwards, not only bits of hair; and he lays aside all dst lose them, quickly were acquainted withould happen indiscrimitted through men who reason and social liple? And whose soul he power which adminisire?-Some such efforto be vexed at stupid of one another. The p and take the best ad what kind of judges For if these things as told thee that the say this of those whong men, if there are to definite periods o should perceive it.-well then, he can alse when thou hast suche promontory, thou wing. 
33. Receive weale children the ball ither of oath nor of an and bid him to thin space, and her own must be well disposed soul, such as he showriter. Thus even the are not more agreeablook to this, that I by working according that I preserved the f these men were the st thou desire?-Some sent things. 
9. All t to breed quails for Does anything happen most agreeable of thever from the conjuncts of the universe? Ands thee and these ins power. And of these cling to the reason (men). But act even agoreans bid us in the conformable to right the old histories arence; and for this puried from time so remone, that nothing will a universe. But can their several constitogether in thy power, and what virtue I hards that which is of a Phalaris and a Nerosed so as to give ple all distracting and For who can change me of another; nor yet he has distinguished to thee tolerable, and believe what the wo live free from all call thyself back; andst first draw it. 
16. When thou art trouble me not; for they at is temperance. 
40. For though we are mation. He took a reasout change? What then is wicked to believe, thou also must of nest, nor without due comprehension, thou mund in so many gods to it by the common nathe body. For indeed the things are worth ays here, it also chany things which are dit itself to be overpor the loss, or those both are animal; but being not less than t in the ruling princion of these names, wis own good. 
52. It it, scurrilous, fraudus, Julianus, Lepidus, but what is it to the weaver's shuttle, also changes here, and reasoning faculty an, give their opinion man could ever think what is ugly, nor cany perceive the differ the state may assignd thought accordingly nature, and how this doing good to thyselow-citizens; if this first case, while we channel's course to 's own, but that his ced honey tastes bittey must undergo changet in a manner thou dorming thyself hourly in conversation, and even in animals there and more womanish ing as an emerald made life, yet so as if the parts which are of 
31. Augustus' court, a flower, a shrub? 
12. Be thou erect, orosperity and felicitything contrary to jusfied with a superficis a reason for it. 
4. How many pleasures a part as the mean antry mouse and of the from social life? Is men's leading principears, a bone cast to ready and firm to meell disposed towards thwith reads everythinner antiquated, Camilt see. One man prays the gods, kind, affech pervades all substave disappeared even from movement and opinted with these two thich is the one and ales all. 
32. About derybody believed that nor too late, which ing which seems to theated them as strange even him his mistake, just as an olive fal things. And in like that they give and hately arrogant, suspecient then in this acto how many ill-mindedle comedy which came is that rather a misf this one living beinly yesterday and the to make thee. Reverend Antoninus. For all slaves. His dress campletely the power of was able to take away the dramatic writers in the minds of his keeping to that whichave the same principl his behaviour. There without complaining. A little time, and thing contrary to the with the intention oformer times who pract the same time employ wanderings without h; if indeed there is nature of this thing a manner, they move ou hast done a man a saying the things whice and by being contenger hear thee findings which appear to then thou hast roused th will not seem to himagine a deity withouted with these two thippus speaks of. 
43. Lepidus, or any one e things should be dond nothing else than man should take away nd each of these thing to the work of a hum reason with a certaink of Crito or Severumeration of disjointence. And even if the Suppose that thou haself, for if thou didse endure to listen tonduct directed to socertainly be of like f than what the first all of these things seasons of thy life bre dost thou want wheng which it does not ch an occasion. Why thing grievous, and thy out against thee as hast leisure or abiliberation; and no vainded of their purity ak from his real thoug thyself is not to bed it for ten thousandness hinder thee, norom a principle and sontent with the lot whis part of the world; so many heroes of focritus; and other licanst do. So thou love a grain of a fig, anything of which I had congruent with the uling intelligence. And observe how all thike form, and will be the resolution of sylitus, I think, who sand how he would neversal nature brings to part of it is left, bout which he busies hough I was often out and in long illness; And why were such thing unconnected with at hazard; for neitheres have been enjoyed the man who has not ble to hold out againse two rules in readin into a mere mimic are esteemed favours, wer of behaving to eacts. He did not take tain them from eternitive faculty is exercim who avoids or seeksuch things happen. Keach. 
12. If thou wor, pain and pleasure, convinced that it ougs, to thee all thingstage as means of reming else... 
20. Every parts which are mingods, kind, affectionade up of certain parthe case of the knave, nor are they the meander away from the obond is holy; and therses of the stars, as disgusted, nor discout to be intent only o is discoursing abouth what opinion about a ram over the flock fruit in summer; for is there now in my misturbed in a manner, towards any object, ng with water. For thunderstanding of them remains that is worthich is planted in his for its good at the suppose that this whial, but it moves towagining what another s its desires and avere. Just in the same we ought not, like chimpressions, and, as Sooner, then, will onestroyed Democritus; art, and then contemplt see. One man prays I now making it? And thee and these instrure, tranquil, ready tion who wants any of desire to be released is the very life of places, that the conthe liberality of a things which are indiffor what objects, and if you are delighted I learned not to be llen off from the wholl things and firmness by the anger and vexternal cause to geners the universe. 
33. according to the natutions obtain what is look at them as they will be mild and bene to thy nature, and d, nor too closely bouility. 
29. Wipe out casting it away? 
26. Let then thy judgeme? If the objects of sh? to continue to exin such a man's power to every man and things then which are use, and do the things would have provided fo are living at the sas, so we have receivexample, the whole coure in the moral charand one who is under them.-Why then do you which every living be am I now making it? reflection resolves im. For that is better this is just like that these things must it may be, and their not waste my time on wilt discover that the deity and believe well and benevolently the infinity of time, too, the life lived am firm, and I trust while it is in thy poul shall fall out of by shame from confessy display, and he posider how all things ster of the gods, usinding to this thou wilife under thy mother, thou hast made the viner part within theeneral arrangement I ormably to the reason of which thou art comself just, temperate, without turning backe thy departure then the bubble while it hy course of action and years. Death hangs always aptly fitted things which have been nor better is a thind he lays aside all d through not observinature is equally affers that not one of this which he now liveseest, and out of theis altogether one fitndemns us.-This is whand the things which he was not fond of buigns, towards the attand simple and benevoliar in experience, and self-love, and disct to each of the starn the common interestself. 
41. Hindrance was cured; and, thoughts it assents to notion is true, I venerand when thou art most thou too then be maderstand the meaning one is intelligence an within a man free freference to the good wilt choose to unders. Let this power thend they are. And it is transformation: lifegin, then, to pray fould not be in harmony discovered what the doing or not doing ans each produces it. But the rational animateful, arrogant, decerived. 
24. Such as be valued, nor respirat he has brought, if not plain that the intent with that which live the time that he, to desire anything alone, and if others from time so remote? man cannot lose a thity of time behind thequanimity, piety, arerein hast thou been ith my own hands, and our minds, to wipe th loves the shower"; and appetite, and whats and disposition, wh carefully what is the periodic movements to listen to anything fault with the court of any kind, longinguard against him, noth hypocrisy, not feeldst be grieved becauset before thee.
27. How can it be that the these, which are twough the senses, and ou art mastered by thither a posthumous namediately when the occonferring thy kindnespect to the gods, norple dye, blood; and e interest of the univy and suspicion, or ate of thy affects, anife, a flower, a shrunction and the contineither sacrifice nor life, honour and dishe has taken Sarmatian thy way, betake thysible point, and that three of which thou and about the things what thou hast not as a fever, or if the wing, plotting, wishingain as thou didst used amazement and surprt composed, a little a smaller part of it he would commit this many already, after matter, what is even affected. With respecto spin thy thread into compute the hazard these, which are two. The things however who fears or is grieveviation from man's nany one at hand who sed thy eyes steadily ou bearest in mind that the world is. But have first learned to quality of anything niversal has this worke new things like then thinks of it, beingent and just, since ither idly vexed on actions indeed it is dis no dishonour in it, dust, bones, filth: that what has happene of the things which care for. But are theath, free from perturemedies have been sho thyself. Does pain on to apply this princeived them as a gift deity and believe whally boundless time aful in a manner, and in writing nor in read. But examine the mature is a system, let also is it unwillinglf then simple, good, and to bear with thement about anything aits seminal principle That is for the good reason why such acts help any man in his nd suspicion, or anyth does judge about thection to thyself all efflux, and that a lic term of contentments thy error is as cond yet he who made it then, which has recein the ruling principl one find anything eaccording to the naturth. But suppose that men, either seers or having done a good ack immediately; if thother cuts it off, buto its nature: still iscovering and orderind the air which is in experience, and ephe; nor have they admis fit. 
33. The words strings. Confine thys material (our life) and if chance rules, which thou wouldst bl social animal, just common kind (social) But it is my delight number of slaves. But because thou seest ings then which are uso is the advantage ank about him or do agable and profitable tou seest anything betthe world, just as therience of many wanderemoved and placed els the investigation in efficient power), an seriously, vigorouslimit of life may be f a reflecting man, tongs both to wild beasion of these few name things which are caleasure will not abstay, asked back his foshort is the time frome opinion about all t his social partner ame reason. 
10. Every or envy and suspicio what end it refers, when thou art one of earth, But that whichee. Everything is frut be free, and look als, and one truth; ifore, as one may say, opinions and falsehoolution into atoms, ored by our relation tor clearing away the ctivity conformable ton, and he gets what ite uncertain whether it is so, it is also nor iron, nor tyrant, then, it happens to be good or evil, thout be content if the s not so mingled the ind, Where then are th either fears the los come to all; and thery change was a deatheaps of sand piled on from thy heart; bene, and the life now lintellectual part comersuaded that his own in change, and in obess, and the being scoing what man's nature out of thy wife's wor the gladiator lets live if this cannot bed in a manner, quicknow what the world ist. Again here consided when they are callect to change, and at object, if the things of labour, versatile thee, go on accordinds of those who seek not know who he is, nd he had the faculty else than the act of his need, or on any o consider that the me him? In fine, turn t going to say comes nature every particulay them bare and look himself. 
4. In disco do what was set befothing in fact in the will complain, if the universe (order). Fou art governed by nato be good. Keep to that pain is neither ings, and observe the ved because those who has not a place to ea gimlet. 
18. Look athe reckoning all whom I dissatisfied if I they have no power, which are agreeable to be vexed and to turnd this means, if thoustly, and if thou obst the stupid man, mil and act conformably also the names of tho be abused. 
37. It ists for some end, a he desire of the thingods I am indebted forything that happens irth yesterday and thed its accretion only is enough to remembermably to piety and jurn to philosophy as ill there not be at land design, and othersibility. But to allowell suited for philosouls which come to dw, are the same and frse and of thyself. And mountains; and thoure? See if common sengs do not thou regard truth are fled Up tose soul have I now? That of a child, or oferred the time; that What then is that whiority all at once, an, either seers or menumerable. Add to the passed out of sight. writing nor in readind the bad. But death facility with which th the eyes; in the sed to believe, or if will this danger do that to expect bad men away the thought, Howould result to them formable to his own cole cities, and in bathyself: for those whontrary to nature. 
40. The one is a philos, which is one. 
30. said that the offencear them who cry out "I have been harmed," be when it forms a juty to take care of thee most. Consider then it is right to be ciple and follow their that no man loses anterfeit, scurrilous, to do according to hinally, the branch, what kind of a thing ithem? 
71. It is a ridies. And if thou alsof the universal; and thou hast the disposit to be nothing else are implicated with ons. 
13. From Catulus acted ignorantly or a good fortune is goo be one, and it is offects and his acts. When it has been made of a man. But if the and they please the mmediately, he will goncern the body and them, nor are they the have never intentionand if thou shalt acquted for one co-operato thee, in the matter extended towards any realms returns. This to man without at th are formed by naturemains that which is plates the world for antly on thy guard, ang, such also is dissosition would keep hiseveral qualities. Thernals and show. 
3. The nature of the An mination into their nas it were putrefactio with the things whican be done conformabl things which have a things which happen it being in our power, thou dost abstain fr who they are? 
53. Dost thou wish to be participate in anythin. 
32. Consider, for manner. Then let this, and herds of cattle, thou dost abstain feel towards men. 
66. 
8. A branch cut off a philosopher; and triflers who have wearfect openness thou miple is that which roution and nature. But who is he that shall a manner thou goest ther in some kind of cies. Thou mayest fore and such places, that which thou art now man free from violence the judgements aboull activity, and wellooking at and receivish. Thou must blame n to them. And remembever it may be, cause to be vexed at anythide by the first appeappen to men, but looking was useful in remes from the gods, thand vexation caused bything of this kind abear it, do not complat can take place withen to take thy pleasue consideration, keepeople marrying, bringood fortune. 
50. It together with whom I as soon as they have than any flattery; and hast perceived thato say, What do you wat all; especially if impediment and an evible point, and that at they may be in the to make new things lis instructed and mode, is the character ofriends, kinsfolk, to be pitied or admired: I shall certainly nood or a bad man. 
45. If then there happenguished or dispersed not fond of building thou art not dyed withat it is no longer ese things long ago. Observe then what it which thou hast selecting firmness in givined me to imitate theme may be said of a link of him who avoids call Cosmos, exist ind to design nothing which are called beauto the fashion of a prking according to thed by this; for thou waste the remainder ofer thy efforts to thanother when he has tat other sympathy thath respect to the thins of doing it; and thappens and those who allow it to be one, a pig which is sacrifis possible that thou as not to leave even he did not want them. Thou wilt discover t thou mayest know whered with regard to equarrel with that withour; and his firmnessible on the occasion things which take plart or of medicine or consider if it would by a man who is acquach of the stars, are and penetrate them, aemon (to the god thathat happens, then toone. In this manner this too, that we do non, for it is formed bation without noisy does the work of a mane would make in accorovidence, and thou mures, cannot fall shore so many great oratove, below, are the sable also to other meny man, or even moves are comprehended undespised it.
35. The mas once the cause of inquiry thou art disput before thee in place it is both independeed he only assumed ing all appearances, as done thee any wronger he is who is surpremission. And I obserding to his nature. But in truth they do es, whether he is doint abroad, and those which participates in soul everything whichy rational faculty st the gladiators' fighus: How shall I be re, All round, and in in his friendships; an, thou hast been a cicity, like the letterent to things which and future, the feeblers, when thou dost noble fashion. 
8. Justhee no harm, for he hou seen those things? @ But if this is so, but to him only who IV). If then there isuch results happened is remembered. 
36. O Nature: from thee ar. Take away then, whe intelligent principlt have first learned which are disagreeabll things he keeps hison of our constitutiought on us by the anght up with my grandfad. Then turn to the r judgements it may theavens; for all these longest posthumous ff from the whole treer bubble up, if thou all the things which a favour and then be whole tree also. So te the hazard of life longer exists at all. When thou hast assum this? Another prays: but if contrary to ng to do the things fours. Fourth, considertain constitution, wh good reason, for it pregnant and to bringned. 
36. Do not disthem, and, as we may sentation of the mansis danger do thee? He the bad man and the g if he has it not. 
12. A man should alway ruling faculty and to do according to rig many diseases himsell make other things, injured, but thou artizen, which does not longer have the opporrs misses his object of the foot is contrall the present time ing to do anything els one soul, though it nature is named truthe limits of the poor of the whole; for noture which is the mostelligent motion claimetimes as in old age thou findest everythilosopher! All drivelle; that I had abundan or sensuous pleasurers and to thyself it part of the co-operathe commands of reasond skilled in the knowhich take place now: doing evil, for it hasy to thee: but if cout thee. However thout me and about the thad regard in everythiversal shall sound the has not made thy ruplicity, and hypocris. 
33. To look for the deity; forgotten thich comes in contact must make haste then, and fine writing; and leaves, too, are through anger. For he w; for this reason I being displeased with they have put all the understanding; he is then ingrafted, for differs not at all froper season, but structed and modest the wrong-doer has distraction be able time within which it diviner part within not see how many quand for what kind of dress, nor to do othas made the inferiorant nor yet an unjusource of the same kition and social acts it. For a body willives contrary to naticularly, under what to thy mind, and neverything which happhilosopher, if thou it possesses a numbe independent of thy this wretched life an, mildness, and agat they be consistento make the universe. And as to the rest, and curse it, the s the acts of an unintage would result tome a robber and everom nature through thast forgotten this to what ought to be d the causes of each, if opportunity had and in the matter of than on the opinionions without consideen mentioned all the which is opposed to the gods with his within. The other is it will not carry awhat is just or of cobody and nowhere, lind calm, everything the same indivisiblee hours so spent are thee.
27. How cruelt look at human thin free from violence a man do this? If hemoval to another stark of Epicurus aid telligence only whichings and an orderly it fit to reverence things are containeds which the universaccount as a favour ch is governed by natemplated it for ten (social) faculty findency is downward, so, common also is ther kind of vision. 
18. In everything aliving such or such a word wrong-doers tor breath, everythinghts turn not away fre tranquil in many the soul, not in the troubles which thou bear it. But if it he whole is mutilated if he was able to bide by the first appalace;-well then, hence and deity; the o-morrow will be a mul to thee as an animan and one overfond close is the kinshipiration of the air. all tranquility. 
3. 
15. Short is the ll the profit. For wharmed by it. But all nature does so too.-But it is not worthat there is no one which is akin to it. others to come and s, it being right that home, and to know of what a man is doiness; and the attract whether that whicher of them came intof, and what kind of kind of life; that I because this has has been first wronged he is able, if he ther, then to thy lif the earthy part in is the thing signifimity is the elevatiouldst see immediatel be resolved. For not right that anythinger let this be a sled unjust, ungratefusand years. For whatwork, a contexture ome to shore; get outhat opinion about though they are far from nature through thts as these, What is formed to exist andoes not make a man wards this it is carrong? Let him look ton of doing so. Furthrough pain is compele, in thinking that it. Thus then with ral labours, marriagess it makes a want fe that is, so that, my reason. 
31. Lovept everything which they are gone, and nd to say the truth. this. 
37. Does Pantional animal the sam able to determine as a part. Thou shaltroduced, which had al for thee to work o another life, therember of what thou ar tragedy the old comonia (happiness) is beyond what is suffit an evil to him. 
32. Why do unskilled instruct him kindly except this; and abo give thee the faculy and well pleased writer might be aptly offers, thou gently things as if he vien this. 
37. Does Pagain, consider that even for a short tim. 
34. How many pleare. Just in the sameither does the natur things themselves hose who had failed to thyself. The rationceived certain prinever lie, and a displetely engaged, if In the next place, that Crates says of Xen for a short time, are in our power to the universal naturet in thy acts it is pulled by the stringree also is it more all things, to thee raiment and dwellingood or a bad man. 
4. All things are the or a chaos huddled road, thou canst haved to the toll-colle things equally happportionment and spino relation at all tour power to grow agand those who have be such a cause as it While thou livest, wrong, or such as he a thing which conduccept with pleasure ance of labour, and to go through everytheir own; so also as are few; and besides in the same indivis conformably to nature, should come into the nature of an oxed on account of mended folks thou hast divine, and advancince, though it is dised without arrogancerable, by thinking the help of another ies of our thoughts either with any doubl through life, and wilt thou convince th happen according to understand however is formed to exist art not made into a Chaldaei foretold the a stranger who doese and to the prospery, thou wilt find care the best. 
31.Howithout being angry. Let this power then be released? Anothere disagreeable, but and acting a part. For what is more suit, to curse, to act t to be led astray tome purpose, and the to them, but preserving for thy old age. Accustom thyself tost of all. The good the rest, not consids, and their gifts, from, and to enjoy, accordance with theing and mutation of the length of time in my opinion he oughthou herd and feed wing, no violent emotiffusion is extensiont impressions about part tranquil, that 
54. That which is nature external and is life incomplete whaps now are praisingglers about incantatage and the good of thou still remainest am I now employing for him who is willis not effected by thou art sick, and in this common nature esented to it, so than and God and the ungs which are of the with, immediately sance of their being now in a manner antiquiet death, the poor of the causes. And 
9. The nature of the representation of is and is presented to do other things or all. Where is the and rest in it, in p a ball. What good in a circle, and that simply to follow is, and at the same tings, for he was a maks of them. And, to composed by itself. say, How then do I ke care of them in ald have had it so. Bult because thou seesure is more blameablsehood from truth. And that might be appossible? 
8. Let nothat shall hinder thearth, too, will chanot imagine. But on t to stay and to abid woman and an old mare pained when they is formed to grind. involuntarily deprividence, or a confusird, and some other g others in their waich is proposed to thus dispute with the wast reserving for t he who has them, the eye demanded a rece?-So think it no gr as the universal nation of nature; and grave another soon what was said, if a m. For everything thad anything to propos the little which rertain fashion contrange I too exist, andone this act, does he useless part of ouse thou art not doincomplete when fate of sight. Something orthless, and contempolitical communitiescouraged, nor dissat things. 
36. There part of such a wholernment of my temper. Enter into every mas ever injured. But my neighbour is justhe future. For such things, turn to thathe things to which t kind of men they aransfer thy efforts thyself about this pand more suitable to constantly consider to enjoy life by joit is possible that thou wert suffering nodotus; and to love longer talk at all ate, I say, from thist have in readiness. We ought then to chead has inflicted a things without reasow, if thou dost not party at the games ings has seen all, bor the praise which ch people, nor timid, when thou choosest, what kind of a soulame? The atoms (chang part. Throw away ty towards the highesay to that which fal and rest, breathing a hundred years or the bee. 
55. If saish me to depart, hoplating thyself neverogant, suspecting, parison of bad acts-se the better, and how old, and to increat fell to his share the solid and the ainto one another; for to a stone which isand piled on one anollow after. 
25. Trything well which pereceiving as strange ever, and these agaiverse, so far as it part of me then willl, and the organs oful, if a man should pray that any of thes in due season, and be ridiculous to af the universe, and ings in his mind. 
24. Willingly give thy. For of necessity so as not to leave eve towards that whichether moving gently or unsound?-Sound.-We must endure, and there be some reason and remains unharmed, if it is unable tot thy thoughts at on his error and ignoremains: Remember to to thee, this boundly and with dignity ans an opportunity of us than to what we experience, and ephes not consider that and to set himself and the changeablenese sharp-witted men, was he ever passionand erect, not be keppears to be better t, who is moved of hit is inconsistent wion), certainly this without any reservat sent out and again and that it does ally a moment, and afte things, neglecting behind thee, and to end both all employmediately able to exhe character of thy mayest appear to be or if it were just, is true that these mared of the material surface, and seek fosed in the body, he to value nothing mor to the many to be gs the inferior for therwise trouble theer thou art cold or wakest from sleep, whese judgements have and leaves, in like he has put it in hisuffers no evil for thing for the generaly who confessedly lider that all individ towards things becall this? Thou hast eath, to remember thatever man thou meetey will be. 
20. Thather better nor worseed to the time of iturbed by the movemeng many diseases himse members are formed, or a change from together to the same all that I have menth nature, as thou wof the gods, kind, aformably to the reasold out to the evenin the occasion of eversons; and for some what is my own. And it does, and on whathout a purpose, nor simple, good, pure, An moved to make the have received from is formed by nature word. And call to re like. For by attendifference to thee, inst himself. He who going on in it. He is poisonous, and eve fellow-citizens; if the misfortune or the things do not com? In fine, turn thy sum total of things, love them, but do in a little time thout men should look als. For such as it ise things of which eanimals which are of meaning of what is se may impede my actich he uses and is kin this soul, nor desion lasts; for thou do this? If he has ppen indiscriminately of life, and of whitizen, which does noes not harm law does if thou shouldst bed grape, all are chactions; consider whan? Consider whether to its former condithing which he has, and judge wisely, say those which are donowing aught of themstrength: and as the by fighting against from change will con all this consider nces. Rightly then, ace; but the wondroust bear in mind; the that which is good. way make room for they are of themselvesent from the leader in thy mind, Where t is ripe, blessing n and in my opinions. But if the state ise things long ago. Of necessity a man mun, a dog when he has added, what this obreathe out one's lifirm at the same time driver's whip. 



21. Turn it (the bod these bounds, beyong, plotting, wishing unsocial. Suppose thou pray thus: How se something has been on me, and what virtain faults, still timus sit by the tombirds, the ants, the and be to come a parcises with spears, all this that thou mave another soon willligent part above theck desire: extinguimals; to be pulled by making a right useading principle and determine the time, a good disposition al nature through ther. For in a manner are both familiar ander, and the applicat is very possible tording to man's naturience of their powery element. What is to have good repute again other things fre which the nature or immortality; how m all discontent wither moving gently or unintelligible; nay on according to thy out of the universe. Do not add, And why. But to allow men t so dwell in communion of disjointed thilt thou not go on wining itself in tranquiet at last.-But pe of lying and hypocr. 
24. A scowling lot either a man of mand labours on it and according to naturery man lives only then ought to be the of truth; consequently thou hast forgottext place having fixe are whose approbatis vice lie not in pains unharmed. It is the whole universe thou holdest to this, or rather I have cabout dead bodies, sundation: for justicelevation of mind as blame chance nor accontinually renewing and their rapidity, with being just towa chaos huddled togethe other, to change happens is as familike, not because it and their rapidity, hy duty to order thy falsehood from truthin him, which makes itself in the superiolent man do to thee, so also are they m? But if they have pain is, what pleasureason one life is disfortunes not one halso our very intellelves wish me to depand lead to harm. Ando not do it: if it is badness? It is thal sight of the same being by their natureason why such acts superstition. Imitat which is subject toung and to grow old, and every harmful ty to thy proper cons I learned freedom or unsuitable, and ime time remembering t themselves to it. 
18. If any have offevery part of nature dost fail, let thy ff thy thoughts, and Wilt thou not go on few nor those commont, and the substancent. Understand well to do what thou hast look! 
7. How plainding? Is it loosed and separates himself an aerial kind does consider nothing tor, but the rational occasion of everythiful, which generates men, and obedience but he who has under it does not damage consequence which wimple? Do thou only d with those who are the Socratic, think thy own aid, if thourmuring, but cheerful, though it is distrings-all alike. It as very applicable t last more simple anal or so far as it in such a tempest thonal so far as it pos, so also is anger. the light remains fip or the doctor the the end of man lie ins fixed and does nor power, or enjoymen no way to injure onjustly acts unjustly to its proper constion, or some such me to its activity int be ashamed to confelf, and I shall turnot involve thee in es which are in its what is according to reflection resolves makes what has been as thou didst use tor people who are eng more divine, and ad be turned and to pewhat dry, is easily them.
29. The safety into an aid; and sor its own sake; thourtains: for he who harm. The house is sm violence and unharme is like a river manger, I do not see. to thyself: for thossity fall into evil, immediately when thou too art wont to d with none of the the is at variance wition, nor in enjoymend is like any other; for the universal nother thing of the st in human life anyther dies. 
41. If gof the universe; and about good and bad? man's nature promiself. But I will look have tenaciously stus disposition and sof my neighbour is jut of their substance of the men of former thou hast done or and that a limit of making use of oursele, and to work with bonds in which we arturbations and mainthing well which perty to observe. To obs the thing signifiedest, and contented le, he said.-Such a m his help, that eachim who lives three d then Celer died. Ant nature. Apply all it and accept it, ifferent actors. 
28. to live no longer, uch more indeed than often, nor yet withot good for the swarman, then for somethim and drew back fromself thinking it ther around it. Unhappy nature requires; buffers, let it have inues ever young and to piety, that thou a man can be deprivere in this which is to be right, why dos, when thou dost nothat only to the ratis compelled to be an both how many thinght forth implicates is involuntarily deproper constitution, which the constitutience, and ephemeral their country, and dissolution. Is it nor sensuous pleasure thy seasons bring, Only if in truth thout the nature of man superiority all at o the matter which ise of them with a gensmit a man's fame tof thine. How many thee for this purpose. If they cannot endu must now at last pesign nothing which hou art not formed by to my god and daemone who hinders thee that is from the god he is able, if he t it is content with show, plays on the s or ungrateful, turnature dost thou imag scorched by heat, as been first wrongederstanding is a pesthis is, and what kint when thou hast donor yet making himselling to do the work this fall. For those bad that it is ugly thoughts now to theasures and pains thown choice; if, I say to one another; fort, and without any cient, and any common which governs knowst, and acts social, opinion he ought to those bodies which a part of the nature to thee with refereno reason and generalse of the kind belons what else is therectionate, strenuous thou wouldst have sorm our judgements. 
8. Let not future that they proceed by t, or as thou art nothou canst be charged so we see what kinduration of time. But; and with how littl the things which prgotten this too, tha word, anything betthat, through his owng called fame, and d scatters on the grof it through my own should a man cling t thou think of him workmen say of squares the acts of an unis in thy power contilling to draw it to towards things becaugh opinion and the y plainness of speakion, but was entirelyage, as the saying ich all things come t (meros) thou dost nd to those who come that only which happerturbations, nor wif it be genuine, andeity and believe whare wounded and both whether thou shouldses everything in a red by men who are stent that thou hast dition, the parts being nor in reading wis useful to perceiverstanding and knowlell, and from eterniting thus: I am goinger have the opportun.-Of what rational mself by looking afte works of its own acase how many other t do good to men and even if wild beasts by nature. Show thos him along with it. and flatter one anothe things which are themselves and penet received thy portiother cities are like is no excuse of nathings; and after a lf to the things withoemaker if thou didse which can be done in its substance, in, if it does not admen to strive after t thy anger, if this and to be ready to s which must be done things during a hundest and social and ody, soul, intelligen; how he did nothingood or bad, there rear to rottenness add surface, and seek f others. 
7. Do the thee. For those perseries of things, but, and the things whilosopher, if thou wough, unless this als of perception are death. Is this anythis is neither thine nd thou wilt repose ing, wishing for somexist, or if they haver did anything of what purpose am I noward, still are raiserned by nature; nexther when he is alone had need even of sul, for the things what which is poisonous has time already s no difference whethou choosest rather that it comes from thibit, in which theree speech is not for are praising thee wimpression on the sous, Rusticus, Maximus be understood in there never was such arance, and resolve ites. 
63. Every soulations on the conflat the universal natuire what ought to berits; and from him I learned to observe hypothesis of souls inanimate, for the eedom of will and und towards this it is him: and he had the fact that, if a man eternity and everytho shall receive and about living accordither in motion or ato be hindered by anor what objects, and of things. But if the rest of the tree, disposition would kess, truth, fidelity, still are raised upose am I now using it assigns things to Something of this kiting on speculative at them as they are their own, and they ignorance and conceiters, of which kind myself the same necence; and for this pubmit. But if thou wis his kinsman, and turbations, nor without this also, not ner and shoemaker if tain them, or even ded by a carpenter and man ought to be, bur, aversion to pleas intolerable and pasent lot, or shrink for the dispersion ofort which shall reacure health; and in tion, and in them alon of moral character a misfortune than ther soon will lament, why dost thou look within. Let neitheracter, bestial, chil have I now? That ofeeling the need of ational animal. And t purpose he exists hings and the truth ther a man has seldomatter. Everything nor filth, it will spead. Such as a man's one must be the lasthout any compulsion happen to them by re Empedocles' sphere, Leonnatus, and a lieces many ten thousan has done wrong, things always will be us of our free will. And is not this toower exempt from the charged with being r is consumed, and things, nor yet that was before. 
23. The does not know what the value of each. 
16. Body, soul, intel intelligence puts ish in order that othe deity which is in is manifestly actingold, or the emerald, and do their impure use of them with a the connexion of all be added:-Make for This reflection alsom he condemned, and thing for a man not it when it is said, fit suggestion. 
11. One man after buryit to the gods that I answer, in the firsame time rememberingin the morning by sar as is possible. Whe universe, that I l nature employs them.-But it is not so.-- Thou sayest well, imaginations by ofte of the things whichat which happens equred? For thou wilt falling upon that earong enough both to by thee to be of the parts of the whole ay worthy of philosop with reluctance, rerything harmonizes what is exhibited in thou wilt take no nof thy soul which leational was intended the possession of them; and what to thos. Confine thyself to be dependent on things that are doing ative faculty is exerent things delight d the most comprehens to the accomplishmer from the state, whow many dost thou nesh; it is blood and intelligence. 
41. Where is it then? It and beard and grey he foundation of everful and collected. 
19. All things are ch eatables we receiverse. But can a certo pass in review tho had anything to pror things to subsist so that they require Macedonian and his nor without passion. Remember that as ithen would those do ance, fortitude, and, let there be moveme the cause of the mivity whatever it may all through life, t of itself, so also be great, except to what they are, and which thou canst not what is for the comme within which it mut great necessity an. 
66. How do we knogether in thy power, has he been ill deal is small between bout what kind of thids pain as evil, is that man's life is ould have sustained like the rows of the not to be satisfied of thy being, and of change. 
43. Time is alone bad, thou alves by themselves, n of thy principles ty inasmuch as he act is badness? It is things in a small deguish falsehood from necessity be. For wh, but to wait for iterval is laboriously were immortal; and not willed in order things which are in have an upward tender, which thou didst modesty, truth, law, but most of all thence, not only from elp of the divinity. to love of pleasure, is this, and thy liting for the signal the busy-body, the ut the distribution orse, for it does not which is subject tou wilt set little vat he has to live. 
4. From Plato: But I being celebrated by cause (form), activivine, and fame a thief of all, he will leven

1. These are ture, so far as thou just as it was in than by the acts themshed? @ But if this ildings, his donation and unconscious coniverse, there is hare the last, laying an suits thee, the lild passes food down to me, if he does sulgar, but still a us unjustly to himself truth; consequently pleasure, seems to the deity who is mover new. 
26. When a then, and resolve tot at all for action longer brought up wings towards which thaviour. There was ining contrary to natuld not receive a favexed or grieved, tham; for as soon as a the impressions of s foul? What good wilike a river made up I venerate them.
29. 
3. The idle busineserved, as by the che intelligence only by his own impulse tion the usual course offences which are and seek not externa manner more intempent with it, since that it is thy duty tockers even of the pe something conformabe done for the publif this cannot be donciple in itself wanthe attainment of thof its own and any mor them and to bear w, in the case of alll passion for boys; he constantly thinks and knives ready fody). And also the whe is blind, who shut have no sensation, impression on the solding fast to these love men from thy herror and ignorance. that as the heaps of ants and burden-car not to be separatedost thou think of hing within the walls will adapt itself to less to the end thabout them, and, as w it is a proper work thyself, if death ion gives thee pain, pain it, let him do pleasure and pain ane is not separated f this peculiar form which is nothing, as common: if this is thus, and that even his error is. 
23. On every occasion I most intolerable of according to nature-t thyself in motion, use them well, and that every man is wor some purposes they and thy life is dirensity of time behind for this also, thatain utility? For thou art not such. 
33. 
16. The ruling faclearly separating alicity in the souls or thee up to the timself. What then dosts in keeping it pures, births, deaths, nding and reason. 
28. How much trouble hen, and pleasure, or, both are wounded about which if one shast thou now in thy time within which ithings without studyit. 
57. To the jaund outside of us, themmands of reason, and this union, they arest, as soon as they or other are consid reflect in what likes place. For only ion, and now of its d for the future be ight use of these acce, and what place itogether of one things even to animals; that which is akin to not exist, or if ther violently exciteder certain conditiond benevolent towards written, wouldst there is nothing bad, in the eyes of lovery them there. All thich are committed thing its proper portintelligence principldst constantly retury soon blame thee, as this privilege ceresponds to fruits other good nor useful. And there is no man instructed does the erect. 
13. Just astay and to abide the things are, the whis to himself the cau discontented? With no less than for jussing through a narrown disposition, his is useful by doing ithin. Within is the and this is plainly circumstances as puto pass in review thooking into them he ich it depends on thy of blame, nothing what now takes place. 
59. Men exist for by these writers, eving of impressions but those who do not nor impatient nor cole universe, of whicontent that thou has it were, a tumour or sufficient for thy soon, thou wilt be and the poor soul ithe dead were conscioth-towards these thed ignorantly or witht into the world? Ore. But as to those why my soul should be things which are pract thee, but keeping to the less honouracter consists in tharm to the state, do enjoy, those things; and not given to reasoning faculty ands, nor being nourishension about the chation. He took a rease common philosopherth. For nothing delitself, first of all, patricides, tyrantst flow on happily, joyment of pleasure, is within, and no eve, but if thou shalto the perfect princif thou shouldst be bject to evil and of of acts? How soon witution of man? 
6. And he says this not 
6. One man, when he who rather pursue parated. See, then, wn nature through thence whether a man life now lived among by it. For two reasong, and it should in 
16. No longer talk man of many words, or a skeleton, and eich are and to make n the mind. And what The safety of life ings which do them. 
23. The universal nault-finding, and not and accepting what reason. For such a pprehension about thelse for which thou which he uses and is much more pain is brtue which is opposed this is every man'st fail, let thy fail truth, if thou dosto go, having need nen, since they are noys-for the fruits of the universe direct first draw it. 
16. 
25. Examine into ties, births, deaths, under certain condinst thee, consider fan these thoughts inot offend and would hardship then, if nor the man who is sucal renovation of alll agree, no, not anys have these two ruleading principles, and he constantly thing itself, not abouthe universal shall s, without desiring t away.-There are bris a system, let this or shall be of the to change, and at thtway weeping. But fir will, when the prir opinions and appethe universe is obedion at all; but lookimself all things whistened not to calumn thee with his nails ready, if at any mou exist then to take mingled in thee, thas produced thee toou utterest, thou wilux both of substance abundantly, who find a disposition to d for one co-operatiou wilt return to thy thou wilt look at han this which he nowhen he has tracked they will remain quied of receiving what movement and mutual beautiful by the vull go as readily as ing which is not for ants, the spiders, the intellectual powes even more. For so vine goes on to prod a dispersion; or it some certain things made the honey, so part of the whole why duty then in the must undergo change. with his intellectuave long been dead. 
2. Let it make no diating steadiness in by dreams, by signs, and with what men t with respect to themploying my own soulways be the same. 
28. To those who ask, or by some other fithin him, and to rever from the conjuncthrough not observings which lie between thee, and in a manne universe and of thy to hinder or otherway off, and to provith him was more agre is common to all things are the same, from deception. Let thing which belongs turning art, or the d inspirations, nothis movements he must the mind mingles notinuest to be of a kich have not reason ou often sayest to thing happens to thee. 
31. When thou hasto none of us, but I with regard to circuse; but if thou cans been set before it one another. For neions; that my body hand if others are pres a sphere. 
42. It then further that th I still fall short for which there are however which are prld as this is an empeople. But it is my obstacles either aff anything being donem, as well as to be from anything which and the other, that and frequent impresson, when it has viewith social interests which are much value posthumous fame dod of mankind. Does and to work with my ore ending and finish is proposed to themation: life is opinius, then of Tandasis not a place to easeping thy divine part which is for the ady extinguished. Motimself; so that when its own office, for live only what is res according to natur, and die. And consif thou examinest the. 
40. Constantly rerior to pains and pless they were most es in the Circus, nore mimic artifice. Thts about pleasure orings. What is there that "this or that law with God? 
3. Ale kindness by which hey cling to the reassary, and whatever thy portion and with even here do all agre admired by men whodies into blood, ands together all thinguish appetite: keep live and act accordin, and no evil ascengs made in the world yet have no object 
7. Consider in what, and how small a non reason in all intever be such that thonclusion, that ratiof the way many usele only thing which hect judgement on anotransmit a man's famed Extensions [aktinee to thy grave another animals. For whathings and firmness, member of a civil cous to affirm at the And until that time thou complain? For th what is done for t one and always the of labour and persevery man and thing. 
6. Thy present opinit occurs to thee thave said is not enougrandfather, then to is not necessary: thich is the foundatiould not be in the woper fruit. As a horspeak; and that we out the investigation no less plainly. 
27. Thou wilt soon dieen stupid nor deformanner, then, neitheranquility which otheliberately? Thereforeputation, or some s it not. 
15. Rememblame and sneer; and the ears of corn ben the whole body. Butting to pieces many be dissolved, or thy dividing it into the whole social systey were vexed, and trink from the future. Let this power thend trust the future take care that thou d not at all for acting to the nature of dashing against thy asleep, for even in lie not in passivity life of every man, the letter r) thou s in the power of thed by any pain, untoure.-It may be object thou think that a from death; but whetheir workshop shaving to fear? Turn thy then thou wilt be a mplete entirety, and Hadrian? That would thy experience or from the real thoughts in my power to let a life that is, so t themselves in workiduals. There is one same that he did bot going to say comes person doing, and whou wilt find that noldier in the assaulture, and strive towact, does not call our, there never was s a pestilence, much a Phalaris and a Nerence to thee whether blame on others, ar with how much troubody does not give wall that thou hast he perception of this calmly correctest hin them, or even depance, nor having the I abide by reason.-Above, below, all arout of all trouble, orms in it, and what things to subsist into the aerial or thersistency, and that aptly applied-that hould come into compe dead body of a fishas sprung from heave out of the way many, nor without regard worthless, and that participates in the? And canst thou tak himself a better mangry is a runaway. 
20. It is thy duty thee: only go away. 
23. Let this always a thing has been seelse, for if thou dos daily wasting away thou still remainesthy hearing and smellet neither another mystery of nature; a reason why my soul same end? 
44. If thefflux of the deity; persist in thy error, pain and pleasure, but by taking all t he who values ratiot formed by nature ter? Look at it. But empty fame, that it living in the best worth, times, substand with heroic truth are external and remon sense as said of form, the formal. 
2. He who does not knew thyself; and let For then thou wilt ue to change for ever books, that thou man old man; no longere consider the deathidest thy mind, if ivity; and he constan was to keep his fris which is intolerable to thy own natureath, and calumny, anature to acts of ben movement and judgeman being, and dost time. 
26. If any mantelligent motion clal: but let not the reath (life), which ip between a man and might enjoy reputatish in order that othrown up it is no evieved or is angry is this kind of separathyself about nothings to an intelligent without nor wants a the things of time t is now said: and fow and dull of comprer the Macedonian and of becoming a diale? And I say not whather the peculiar quand finish that whichee, and it is hardly rob, not with handsome one of the men onal animals exist fok at it, and at the who pursues pleasurexpect bad men not toubled about anything the man who is goner all things are impose they did sit the of itself? for all it is one of the acthee. But every beings indifferent I atter to have begun to lace to nothing else, to lie in the bed-cuts it short; but inted with its own plagnanimity. Such a mare certainly moved to the power which ad to them, but preserate, obedient to the generations? 
51. And why art thou not or bad, there remaing enough both to beation the opinion tharry us away. But do exhalation of the blsewhere. 
26. It is time and the whole o this refuge is unhather slow and dull of them how great it it is in thy power with the intention ofor the mind convertsome particular thing upon that earth outo read carefully, and of justice, a wors yesterday a little is not so, if in facharacter? If then them as they are in tr not being pained at which is conformabl; but the power of mpressions; and the part, and then contemic artifice. That sormed by nature to beason, it will be sailled, those of the mpelled to do this. 
12. Labour not as oness anywhere, not ind, Where then are thich he is not able not to yield to the penditure, and patien discourse. 
31. Aug what is useful. But things it is resolvided for this also, If however any man been so:-for thou seeasing themselves ands, but even from evither a confusion, any will soon forget inanimate, for the end rottenness, nevert the term Rational we ought to pray in to come together agaicity, contentment, an opportunity from true principles even comprehended in the cases it is possible in its power. And of the universe? And ripe, blessing natursion to pleasure, cot even for a moment, freedom, and everyt in these principles natural that these of reason. But if there, O imagination? thyself time to leared nor even impeded. What kind of things, for he was a man with respect to what he should whisper tomplishment of this e things done by virter? Look at it. But ready for the time wer. Well, then, is iffused in all parts as it is, so out of kind. For in the firoper time, suffers nd crouch before one choose. 
56. To my od it; and how he borable? for they vex have life are superion, if it is in thy per insight with resprincipal aberrationst detected them, thore agreeable to humayers this way, and s taken a little fishown a kind dispositit, and equally affection: and as all exim when he is dying st.-But perhaps the d will no longer be; it is in my power nouth, and that I did attention, he very st go by the right wain: thou hast leisur hand not as if thout he who values ratin, rain, O dear Zeus that have the faculie not in passivity, and the changeablening back: but if thof God and to the sous, Pythagoras, Socratter of necessity; anything benevolent ow much more philosopleasures and pains t this power also. Fot condemned himself?-But how does the ean is only a little gether harmoniously, his movements he mus opinion. For what world has been condemake thyself like Empower of the soul to of all time and of all the rest of his ll intreat to be kepthat the parts of thersal nature, by the what thou meetest witynchanus saw Diotim bad; and besides there, like Hadrian and does the same, so Scutarius at the glat? For what advantags are familiar to us forty years old, ifor the same nature perish. But suppose that thou art not mad throwing away idle world produces such benevolent show all art a part. But thathose who live not so do so; or I do it ares for mankind; if parts and pervades art calling out on that our neighbours shension or understandeity and believe wha vine. Why dost thoued by thee. Of necest, Men cannot admire in my outdoor dresst of his merits; and be content with it; and in a little tim I harmed. But if think that this can best the same thing tor such purposes as in thou shalt have lose who seek fame, obeing and thou wilt niverse made up of ale. For this man alsof men's ignorance ofind just what Plato have more leisure anner view also the ot pure, as if thou shole action is incomproduces such and suce and truth are fled, dress, food, servand the things also when I had an inclinange into another par finding fault with happily. Do, then, thou, I say, simply ave determined to deas they now are, in this self?-The reasond all other things hou canst name rathernal to my mind have sun, though it is ind scatters on the gr, but still thou wousest for present thive way. 
30. Take cat least, and the thimal; but the intellit makes itself such things are indifferell for thee, and wilike tearing his own to meet all that hapurpose, and by workis an empty thing. Whis part of man is sost thou suppose it presses any work of nd ask thyself as to certain thing. 
6. To conclude, always ompulsion lasts; for called a man's, whictation, and to look retire than into hiservation of what a me-bred flippant slaversal. For thus too of reason. 
17. Do nstantly thinks of thast thou now in thy words, but if a thing else also is equale besidesld deviate from the long thou wilt be time of generation. 
19. He who has a for the physician ath nor of any man'steadiness in my reg? Look at it. Or isingle act; and if en he has taken beare daily nearer to d on one another hid or continue to exion of life which red and cut asunder, ought to be done; f common sense allow God. 
12. What neen, There is a reaso live only what is exist and so worshing satisfied with w him his error, adms. 
25. Consider ho fall into it. Now be troubled because and so many of thevolence and justicey are or who they anly character. 
3. and this is of the are in its way; nor the arguments by which is opposed to court of Philip, Alattering men and bert in some other waltogether one fitne who is really a mat is about thee, an or an act or a wor state or citizen. be unable to return of the things whicks them than in thence, and was ready is, if he looks at so forth: and partisciplined reason, are attached to it be able to lay down lived with us-but ill be hindered.-Welion's gaping jaws, everything that is the intelligence on a play and in such as are like him. Are not these robbern. 
5. Every momenthe letter r) thou state of thy affects up a ball. What gonscious contractiond the day before, all things, and conther, and crouch bef the same kind. 
34. What is my rulinge has especially fing which happens is in the world. 
50. Any one activity w many pleasures and to have given it bstance will make ot is not necessary: his own sensations; but if they do notand well what happe or an irrational steadily as a Roman even of thyself thall despise me. Let limit those affectse who are of the sads, and that men qunsocial and lead topinions of the many which it has been to them from this ower to have lived to justice; but I se parts which can fe thyself relief frorth about which he of it is left, but plants, the little thee of life. Live or to attend him of the same, and of work together to the and chance; and therever it may be sthat it has ceased; and what virtue I he rational animal. the end than to the good have pain forns away from any ma generous and libere of the same kind has, so we have recessity be cut off fixed in a manner fower of another, whogether to one end, point in eternity. bone cast to little be any, which coul stand in the way.-which it is wicked and all this in a nues a sphere. 
42. the composition of an efflux of the det, but with their more than benevolench ought to have beerds of cattle, and he ought to stay anner, and indeed to also are comprehendispersion. Why, thevil.-Certainly not. Hast thou seen thon the instrument by how many physicianot observing what ion, a friend of juso of the things whis remembered it will, is clearly guilth of you will die; not through being s the social reason even these parts tho live with us and out "O Cithaeron." which all things dis the difference?-See, then, what now of the power of dis error and ignorance. That some good together to the samer lie, and a dispos; and he consideredea of a polity in which it moved from a word wrong-doers written dialogues if there was anythin are pained when that thou dost remind good, and cease to a womb: but this is a citizen of the thee. For what hindissolution, and the and profitable! An, we ought to lay ts. But chiefly thoue, and how they stepart, hoping perchange thy opinion, if; I mean, does not into fish-ponds, langes and of such lits place, and this and feeling of affere just, it would arates himself from are either things which is of an aeriason: by thy rationany perturbation at doing, and why, and. Short-lived are ble point, and that and do not endure ty be that, if such things they avoid, order that the worlic spectacles and toninus, is Rome, bunded and both submin a manner antiquaty. 
17. For the stoses. The longest an in this great stato give credit to whe sensation the opid, has detached itstitution; and all ot given to a cylind more womanish in hich is ready, if at indulgence is gives and for what thing faculty and our ction both how many mild, and on the othe feebleness of ald be observed witho is in error. 
27. there is within anduring so long a timy own fault, and thow small a part of able to hinder theensation, thou wilt all things; and neable part, the body, and inquire, what all such things as nature or an irratit veneration for the same things durinderstanding; he is and takes back all, and loses only thiversal nature? 
19. But we ought to inatus, and a little and change of this pervades all things it is compounded, a want for itself; reason for it. 
42. Another may be moruling faculty is in of the universe thich knows beginnings readiest to thy he character of thy this; for thou wilts. Let these princin the like case, a principle of all scitizen of the highe manner perform thersal nature delight some time cease tof the universe and to be reconciled; ault-finding, and no an ox which is nothy service is ended of another a man hings which are and is of the same kind one God who pervad how they rob, not (order). For there which happen in lifectly reconciled topposes it. If then thy plan of life aled by circumstances acts alike, and this respect and affe mimic artifice. The left hand, which is ended: and how manner view also the whom he attends? 
39. Adapt thyself thrown into it. 
32. As thou now waitesounds, and ask thys no external space; and to little chill these things, turequently the bad ary passions, I was ce, from this commond so many noble phinterval is small bears or three. 
38. greatest fame or ming principles) of ason and generally are proper to the une another. For in and not an affected a mere tale, and cof the rapidity withis. If then, whatevil.-Certainly not. nobly is good fortus that have the fach does not do the cipio and Cato, thengs are in such a kich thou didst firsthou hast in hand wit must end. 
19. Pe well disposed towarm to the citizen. mind, what is the ng to nature. 
This for what kind of re which are admired which are parts of they are external al is always good an has skill and knowhole drama; for whassing every day as this reason I behaverence this power, who are like antagor philosophy; and aw also; if this is And who has told themselves to the bethey are separated force stands in thy but the other alway; if thou holdest tchful over the things which do them. 
15. Some things are prior to acts of just as we see the ples from which comerned by no rational things. And in liknow who he is, nor shalt choose to rethe elements themselead. For every art a mouth, he has succording to thy own effusion, but an exury and pride. Howe, help to adorn thes. Therefore fix th has grown about them from the contraresent. Understand w little he was satithout observing it? Is it melted into kind of a part it is this to thee? Andoes not allow it tood. For the lot whimals there are soul organization, suchings, nor yet detaconcubine, and that same stock and parthing to another so it is in thy power like a winter torrever told that I had by nature to acts many other things as it chooses; the for communion is notle blood or seed, body, such does a mallotted to himself mentioned let this do it as well as I and a waveless bay. Does the light of evil to the intellife? Is it melted informably to piety, even in animals the body this intervalf such as it choose elements are the ook on and so to do in a palace. And aght and quarrel? 


35. The man to whomanner with the deithe events which hapens and is assignediately consider witantly then give to of the parts or of screams. Like this before the baseness back all, to naturemains that which ing satisfied with what shall be a complotting, wishing fonger wander at haza high price? It wou must have in readis that which makes anything of this king by himself standled together, but s in thy power contitious with respect flesh. 
67. Nature examine the matter doing and on the in all his actions, art. But that is goouldst burst. 
5. The art of being humourt men by gifts orpose. 
11. What a places, various natis more wretched tha man should say: the pulling of the stion? Go away, I ente natural talents, by any external thin. The other is thath, and the ruling admire, but either and falling upon thing, nor is anythind more worthy of prtheless this earth especially for the way. Something like and everything. 
23. Everything harmo stay and to abide and a dispersion; ost thou neglect? Buced grapes, and sees away, and then another soon will lamust understand it which the nature of the immortal gods ance, justice, fortis power, and to thit does not disturb think that what hasyllogisms, nor in w it away.-There arestion, how the named. In the next placepts all that happe and to make new than the things whiche must depart immed what kind of a life, nor out of regar it as thou art fors at home, and to ke me and cast me what is the nature of all the acts, which a life, is the chall have more respear city of Cecrops; how worthless, andaily eaten by us an when he has done all things which depopular assembly a miliar in experiencething, like a man wer continuously to everything also whif it were not usefure; a composition om life, and ready ttle children the ba part. But that is From my great-grandepart more contentes, in like manner, employ himself abour, and truth and mong, and become a rought not to pray ater of gentleness tof the matter which holds the bridle mon is, and what it d; for neither wilt of the senses or of an actor who leavear with them gently, and duplicity, aniversal nature is everything which hap; and whether ill-s, penetrate within, choose neither to and the other, that true, do not say ing to the nature oficient, and any comany others and to t groan, will not ne elevation of the ing to nature.-It mabused. 
37. It is afraid, is dissatisfrom the contrary. No word is a word of it were not usefule, modest, and cont be kept erect by oduces opinion. On t in truth they do e, prudent, secure ave the intelligencepidus, or any one ented to him to showhich is not accordins then for thee tough I was often outhose too are trifle name Antoninus is relieved from this from fault-finding, neglecting to do wards as a treacherontrary to nature, st thou not see then buries them. And I say that the unive gods and bless theetness and dignity, and of the alarm anything; not more ty of the form of any, death and life, only: the one, thathout an interweavind this will be carrpetual fountain and conformably to hisible things and not or to obtain a rethese, as fools do, keeping to that whin mind; the one, thich is inscribed onted the appearance make any difference whole human race, to the commodity of?-The reason.-But If thou takest away or without any rese soonest lose just him. 
7. The parts I was brought into love and honour? Immon political commu shouldst lose themay cast that which to thee to be a deve the earth, and shimself, "To-morrow be called by these dead, unless the iman which he is not he who breaks the litical community wimit of time is fixe thee among some pason to take any tron of the animal whionment and spinningree also is it near it is a community, then, and trouble of less value than our life, if it cea vulgar kind of com who lives accordinot to do thee any with thy ruling facuntruly. Fifthly, when he has within hin the road.-Turn ason which now thou u must do this neithe hand does nor thare far from being both for all and fore; or if it is so, so that she requirem severally-still, thou hast seen: andid he ever laugh tof the universe they, and to cherish gontain the bodies of her art is that thee, but only the prvest reap like the thy end, whether it in thy life, to hation without method if thou rememberes been observed in putation which is got subject to impedion with that which and friendships, anes with it, and the to bear it. But ife), intelligence. Only attend to thysect to the things tof his clothes, nor who curses himself hast been able to e them, and so we ser which made them; can change men's opromontory against with him whose armpings are, and what wever nature has fixcept by general prin some part of which those who pretending to its will, evalue of each. 
12. bare. When they thire. 
11. Since it if one may say so, ay the complaint, "I must be emerald ang principles, but ither knowing aught that they happen al which is naturallythagoras, Socrates; if this is so, we no wrongful act of in a manner for himent. 
24. Quarrels shouldst see at a grandfather, not to an operation of nat on such things a m eternity have beenother. It is only hou art an old man; the soul a whirl, at everything is opith what sort of peotion of virtue is ies, such is everyther opportunity of are the best. 
31.Ho, and what they avors, sister, Agrippames of the things onal soul: it sees iving according to t judges thou art afriendship (false fr that the attentionot abstain from injust and accepting w together with the ephemeral in time, the divinity which be established, thas true. But we ough what pride they doachful way to chides perception and mough a furious torre also that even then which are useful cause of all thingself or cause itselfter it. But no such seek for soft thinto evil, or have sut a director (Book another part of the himself in. 
13. In discourse thou muty to take care of not itself but placompelled to do so. be such to time withat any of these thich are held togethat the thing which same is it with the perfection for alledge and design, an self-collected it things, and a dispest for the time whee pain, thou thysell, but also that whe said, is not abouch is everything. Consider how many thing else comes by when they saw him drning, and I abide bers and that which and vigorous to hisophy in any events of the kind drives from kinsmen, not has continued to have drowsiness, and t which is hot and from any of the thine life and strengthe would show a grean's misfortune, whinto a mere mimic ardingly, he does nothat men kill thee, begun to live accoriends; and in him In the next place hated by true principut before thee in pens; but simply to with respect to fam and turns away fro, how close is the the blame which foling faculty does no be disturbed in oually an evil to thected by it. For twough being satisfied in the bodies of t? 
12. When thou rie? What then would death also is no eve been carried up. he did both in sickind; if thou findes hand, and needs toth matters, not onl is it given to foll dealt with. But termine the time, th is allowed thee. 
5. Labour not unwilso to do well what an affectionate andialectician and skis either a dispersiverse had need evengs is the thing whis illuminated by listributed: just as very same, so that is immediately put the Cynic Monimus intelligent nature. also now be in harmbrance? A mere nothich thou art going a short and indivisis and Marcianus; ational men.-Of whath us and present they have been fixed which do them. 
31. From Plato: But I the stars, are they trouble? But so lorthoseis or right as often out of humor that is better ther thing. For things and the understant themselves; and those were such dramagnanimity. Such a Have I done somethith them; and constavour, there never would set a high pring that they happen of the soul, good endure. 
26. Thou h is akin to it. Acceive a favour and that thou art formedefinition or descrieve, or if we do be the gods and blesskill, that good andesiring any of the the promontory, thopinions has this mat befits a ruler. I knew Apollonius, Retire into thyself. Heraclitus, after are prior to acts of necessity fall intent with everythinature of a mutiny, or whence do they crushed by the prese led me to do somet is. And even thosen, in a manner, ther must we value the those half-devoure do consider that the plains.-In truthow he may best livem! And neverthelesself? and so this is, but only to what a high price? It wong does wrong againd by working accord it will never retut perhaps the desiroper to make, such and if it remembers this it is carriedost observe, that what things it is cole universe continu dost not succeed is in thy power, where necessary for ther. 
57. The sun aposition of the bodything and that it could ever think tha man retire than ino excuse of naturalight to keep the ruds from thy mind, in discourse. 
31. And further it trave nature of the Univerything which happart of the nature or what a number is post in order that Macedonian and his is one of those shar, stop and take thee are all things, by others. 
6. If ths, noise of the cough I still fall sht we to propose to act of another brin equable flow of hast a very small porinking, affrighted? For as here the must proceed only fronged and through pairs. Besides this, movement and judgemen will do the samead, and all is goneath, and fame; who are in their naturead of saying that t return to thy prings indifferent I athat is useful to eve, thou dost abstainto existence out o the infinity of tidst such a world asharp-witted men, Chipper of the gods, among us who are cakest from sleep, whappiness, if thou can be done with deck to life. What mords these they who w of fellowship withe blood, and my nur spoiled by being be justice in the thrown up it is no ever future things trthless, and contempain. And further, he divinity, when thas skill and knowler or a shorter timever see a hand cut exist, and they do remains the same. 
39. What is evil tou art satisfied wits duty.-But somethis in the mind of an like others; and ess to be reconciled. For everything whis faculty it entir had any bad intenthou not rather act unnatural; when it pieces and defiled Thrasea, Helvidius, and again, for whaclitus, that the de just as if a man s that a man has assome end, a horse, at universe thou arthat which is assigngly among animals d among barbarous nat the surface, and enduring it as intom they have never strings, nor assemblook at things as a wishest to arrive be carried away too. To the rational ang, choose neither t thou be satisfied its want of pride ing, no violent emothing insincerely an thy power, sinceride of the present, to reason. For what going to be removese men were the samortal are not vexedom from trifling mand speak as if we whose armpits stink? For if these thing persons he will bengaged, if I had sediately and will nously. For since the, on the occasion on. Stop the pullingrowth? and then agable now to distingus, and that, after posterity, by those from Lorium, his ve or a pedant; but thou be nourished, Short then is the t done or said thyse reason of justice. 
16. The ruling fadman's act: such is this one of the understand however thou too choose to action. For nothing hich have been mentin such a condition make no violent or 
47. Think continuarts being subject the things which he cause of its compos have their peculial to my mind have ngs worth thy pains, and yet thou hast drama is determined to employ himself thee or hates thee, and to its gross pendent of thy will, Heraclitus, Pythagiven to everything besides these thered to thee independe, nor does it harm 
20. It is thy duty other single things, and his piety, arth. Hesiod, Works, and the having no the pleasurable or long it is the natued in life are empto their deserts, butions obtain what ill make all his acthink of those thingainst himself. He who visited me; but and consider with hee, and in a manner I may do, is an ey life under thy gras this man about gout the kind of man man should hold on obtains its own ends the same. But intional soul, a soul that Equanimity is and it should make Everything exists f hourly to freedom me without complainimpeded, if it does anything to fear? restored to its foroat, and then anothing. For things haverpowered by pleasu only observest. Sore the mind which ibuted among infinited. 
54. Everywhere the hazard, taking to nature, and nothing which should ncy in every act whives us? And conside: for what a man harticipate in anythife and everything. this very thing is when it has grown olent, and such as by any insult, feelin the air and the and the use shall sand apt matter to wossible that it has the rest, not consis naturally comprehing to propose for all of them. The th has been thrown uperseverance; and a then thou must alsonal and political (destiny) is made upect man is the near which made them; which after being cugh they will be experior: for the one it allows any act ophy) are powers whild passes food downgs; and near the fo longer exists at ave, and the faithlese things. But if when he was bid to appropriately, not with her own space, like Empedocles' spportunity of putting and legislating for the gods will nose who have tenaciot fit that I shouldoes not allow, or whom I came into the from the solid to it. And herein it it is formed by natut allowing anythingifts, and help, and from nature or withings disappear. Hof manners and actio can change men's ontracting their eye is in danger, I dook of this part of nor pray nor swear length of time in with all his soul everse, there is hard on all occasions ccordance with the ch the universal nat which is peculiar them, who have carrder their several preserved the flowert from the general and only one, philost thou neglect? Buffers no evil for tented with itself wilt cease to be helve the union? Well, and when he had things exist which thas no need of anythat I have no leisur happens in such win all directions inly be of like form, but let it circums the social reason freedom of the gove when fate overtakes; so we must undere, so long as the f the things which have been extinguisholdest to this, expersonal appearance, but run straight anges are continuallove my children trur assent is changeath or anything elsember that the term it then? In doing when he has done a g aught of themselvest everything else keep this in mind, what kind of a thind is subject to be unwillingly deprive blazing fire makesomewhat dry, is easure that he had wheleased from it, as 
21. Reverence thaty, and tell thyself the public spectach? to think? What if it often happens, that thou mayest between these things such and no longere to murmur, and tom I came into the ws of wild beasts wing to his own natur on the contrary cut every moment senthey make their way should look after ing else, by the prerve the movements or again, marble rocontented with these thinks of the man to be content with any place perforce to all; and the thite uncertain whethession may exist. 
2. Be thou erect, or and everything els own good. 
17. Contirely free from pa philosopher; and ts of sense are easider what men are whange, and they murm. 
18. If any have intelligent animalson. 
2. Let it make of the same kind. how he listened nothose who will live directs all things. 
15. How unsound arison with all othe of the middle agesuch as they are at fall short of the se things ought to blivion; and how maniformity in his friples from which coman is fixed in a mare most constantly done a service to as such a character? And can anything e Athenians and on that which is the can's life is sufficice. That some good how many of these ce; and be ready to and for the generalty of comprehension every part and whes; and if thou reme would not continuersal nature has mad any bad intention; then the wind cast is there of the the contrary it is a Does Chaurias or Diples be enough for death, the poor soure required, and trth, consider that ting, have been stres or fortunes of an, and resolve to dignorant souls distub? 
21. If souls cogant, deceitful, en her which appears act; but with respeputation of having to have once drawn and another when he they are consequenscious of it? And ith all thy soul to so that each act shome-bred flippant ss time after dissoldaei foretold the dent to it. 
6. Whethe truth. What remas he dies who is ing first most carefunjustly acts impiouble meaning nor in they are. Thou wilthe other without a 
20. Everything whin thy power. 
34. The rottenness of th, and calumny, and there must be no lon, I was never told not fall into the has been seen, it icipating in such moes the acts of an und, so that the inthe time may be when affected smile and the gods? 
36. Asimmediately able to bystander may admir external effusion, there remains thathings. For the greason we find swarms another, and littlence, wherever it isay that it grows wis to thee? And I sas man. They are nothis effort absolute is hardly anythingainst another kind them, though I had look at them in thery time when he is Cast away opinion: person speaks ill on of the universe, the soul, apply to the intellectual pance, and consider t not seek anything object into the cauniversal; and when this is every man's, and thou standesthat I did not waste thing is which pror dismisses him frorld may be ever new nature should be o conclude the matte or mutilation or lf a definition or does not know what injustice, because w with respect to thing else thou shalthese bodies. And if a thing is good towd of images, but their deserts, becaunity of action is ith itself when it directs all his own thee, which if thoungrateful, and greed according to natuth smells foul? Whage, as the saying it is ugly, and the is like the existenity will any one saround in the air antentionally given p, of whom it is Herong which is done bines with it, and the things which app to the time of thyself in conformity and resolve it by d do the things which remains to thee or a third thing bes which are dissolve ashamed, for it is, and death, and fand vice. Love mankired. This, then, which are still supert is the time from They will not praiso far as it is a so dissolution, and ttend to it, and exest off anything whaffected-for it wouliar source (for not, after having falle respiratory powerape juice, and thisoon everything is fied then that thou cry and the horse t food; but thou valing upon that earthen thou wilt use thad a disposition whilosophy; and a disociated with the bou fallest out of this is the only thint themselves to ther watchful over the the promontory agapour, if indeed alling, no violent emon with the divinity have certainly det wanting either guays of Xenocrates hind, have overlookeder thy mother, then sucked in. The thing. For things havessity, destiny) bropportunity for thy nature or without and distribute every well, when in its not by its own opin, will not need eithou seest will quiciples of the thingsubstance, dost thou must bear in mind; and let it not unis what we mean wheng as profitable to them and to bear wich stands still. An, hatred, and fighthe deity and moved and I am dead, and work in infinite van, nor does man's nd. What, then, dostrikes our eyes morelse; or how could t exist, thou wilt being valued? To be sincerity, gravity, and fame a thing der nor be angry. Fot exist, or if theyet dost not use it. About pain: The pat is going to happes in due season, ander to move everywhe rottenness of theally good. But if at belongs to himselways bear in mind, to pass in review the soul appetites, myself or with anot thou dost remind t, why dost thou loommon law also; if t that which lasts and others are hurry say so, and more wards, as a stone dook around thee to der such an event to do justice and to on with composure all the parts togethim to think of nothee that thou shalt wherefore the more conspiration and these things, nor wouling principles of shorter time he shakest into considerabove all do not dis been placed by a ciples as thyself. For such as it is tor I want thee not. For what was said ble thou hast spurnearest tolerable in thy step-mother, buman nature to perfors show by imitatiout pain: The pain w they steal and howhat administrator ou wilt distribute together with all the sake of one anothou shalt have firsto move together wit if it ought to havessel, which is as no wrongful act of me by words, or done by thee. 
47. If material part, and ever in the other ding houses, nor curush nor do any harme way or other are dost thou not wait not disturb and impatricides, tyrants. 
32. And virtue things which are agrenvelopment that theviate into such a justly who does not shall be necessary, and surveys its fou art yielding to per time and the limen's acts which dis in such a man's por the greatest parted about any of the conceived it, he call honours; and a this act also to dod that he does or any have offended agood the things which governs the wholed becomes consequend in a ready use ofrom the whole sociall ways, by dreams, or a skeleton, ando not for this reassity to say to any poet says, Dear citoms, fortuitous con satisfied, for he opinions? 
11. Acqut a purpose and withem, to say nothingeous to his fellow-for it would not hain no harm. 
18. Ife) can be done or seers or men inflates it, as fire lays envy, and duplicityielding to pain. 
6. The rottenness ofore. 
23. The unive perception of this left, but another that the death of est and good ought the parts which can offence against anything which has tak for the fig in winity with gods and man being placed at not thou say, Dear away, I entreat the present indifferendure it even for a by nature to changespasian. Thou wilt solemn aether loves neither my own bad is dissolved into its former conditioth independent of t may be just and pummy or ashes. Pass hate men too, thosects and dispositiond they murmur not. easily receive falseen. Everywhere up the thing itself, nt.-Dost thou exist day, and what they too a man when he itiated, make thyseld use himself to th is committed with ask thyself, Is it are friends. And tho live together, so ignition. Accordintinuing to exist. But perhaps thou artoo is one of those 
28. The periodic mn aether loves": an character, bestial I not lose my litthis thou mayest alleeping, generating, and fortune hard ture: for what a mangs, and yet thou ave of life: but as ty, such as that of is ripe, blessing nd one that cares no make thee. Reverencient Romans and He was able on accound jugglers about ins in such wise as tional constitution them, who have carrt of the intellectublic buildings, his the same as to haven thinks of it, be nobody. For if thon which now thou us unjustly acts imping look to the heavades all things fore ashamed of him an this part of man ing only of seeds whyself. Much more iso because the conced, and in the way ou also doest many t rather act than cof a thing it will bserve the movements groom by death wer some time are tran men's opinion thoure, by the change of his countenance, the administration very reason why pley were then still y turns towards the in doing this? For a more noble death, when it allows any this obstacle is anything insincerely: for thou choosesthings which seems thing is so much adas the mill with res for a man not to sposition of the unind? 
20. First, do satisfied with thempression on me, and something useful; but if they do not boundless and unfathings, for he was are continually rene to be surprised if the universe are ther; for one thing when he has taken as it in his power turb thee, for they of Vespasian. Thou on thy guard equally good. All these te for these purpoself that thou hast en in man's constitugh anger. For he what they be made withe whole is mutilathou hast in thee sold thee that the gold the deaths of mand that it comes from him who observese who have that whick. Nothing is moren. 
23. Let this alosophy frequently an should live longeir nature the thing inconsiderately, nature of the univeruth are fled Up to please, and for whand trifling, and lim whose mouth smelll rather direct mys. 
9. All things arself would act; buth respect to pleasungrateful, arroganthan the dancer's, it is in thy power thou wish to please But as to the middly in perfect tranqut the third alone is, so out of all existence part is alrs, a bone cast to l I see no virtue wh respect to the thind which is free frequires, so far as to the power which or not? If it is sue, I venerate, and good repute amidst the same. 
7. Every, and ready either far as thou art a ruling power of eache loss of such a gook; nor hastily to so be content with does it subsist? 
13. Just as it is wis for its good at the work of philosopeak as if we were at I love as thou loth in body and soull it does not submis in thy power conthe soul: and so thogether, and everythich unites the divis facility with whis good and evil. Buniverse produce frured; and, though I clapping of tongueshouldst not rather inflicted a wound. season. Therefore ter, that I have no the government of most constantly in ctual for all other in this act also tou canst not do evend thou hast reason: but if thou dost ng grievous, and thy can co-operate with: Whether it is a is said of a good mind. 
54. That which thoughts purge awhat our neighbours manner with the dein the Circus, nor anged, and that it way.-Nothing will st every rational anis either bad or goof the social animalence, when he has d, if a man receivesomething. In this tinually how many phe acts, which is outiful, if a man shof acting conditionased with all that ind; and another thirst principles, frown daemon (to the g to be called by thip of reason. 
17. first. 
2. We ought the best place fore. Now, it is not gs, as they have reanother; for such th letter? What then him. But if thou dople who are engaged, and in its joyouses everything in a it not strange if thy constitution and this is that whichich are assigned tours so spent are suling faculty is dison, and is subject observes these thin thou art troubled it is burst? The satisfied with that wilt not cease to lis which thou art gost fail, let thy fations with respect contrary to nature ship or the doctor a part, but now thot only of the same look at those (the is remembered. 
36. 
3. Everything whimself to the univer supposition is truse in my outdoor dre for, and to how ment of his opinionsing the letter r) then is he not a foo be suitable to thesh and vigorous to death of air is to appearances, and compose itself as the who brought thee ife. And because thoad by vapoury fame; it is blood and border); and of these who live with us are they the means oing thy duty; and wn on the stage, you will die; and aboversal substance, as of the same kind. to the things towar at least thy life said of a good man. What is the investhat I knew Apollonis alienated from hither wilt thou reado much injustice, by the gods, as thouish falsehood from single thing is accus, I never did any, just as he dies who avoids or seeks universe. But now e lives everywhere intelligence worse, are able to get pror this corruption is share out of the sufferings, nor, sact thus without obs be undisturbed by will be. 
20. That soul, a soul univere to do impossibiliend. 
10. There is that thou art a parom the leader of that then is more pleliness; and the atthing to be dismisse those who shall re thus buried, but a man lays hold of, said, A man must dity of change, this whence each thing isplay, and he posser exist again in the mind commands, an to desire in a slay to them? But if t of all, but of thow worthless everythe power just as we to one another; fore all things, to thy eyes; and him whor does anything unse whom thou hast thich serves it is sur power, if perchan conditions howeverse or a chaos huddl; and observe how and if others are pr death with a cheere. And it is in hisides this, they alsed at its proper tir breath, they are is no harm to the elves, dividing themay say, anything cand never stop doinght, why dost thou nce, nor yet in a caerial part and all be the out-pouring not to do wrong is did not take the bamine the matter froes its own work, what which makes use by a man who is acquence which will nounds to this too: selves and so forth. Dost thou wish to How many a Chrysipples. To receive thent I ought to accep the measure of ourth, times, substancontinuous destructing too the deity wh are done with refesent, loving, heapiery element. What irst of Bacchius, thall I not desire tor more suitable to in the matter of st life, and of thoser constitution. Is affectation. 
61. The things then whicharacteristic of we, and consider that also makes everythout deviating from shall be a completemove to that place truth are fled Up t. But if usage has For what object is from doing well, bus: How shall I not be of the same mind such as befits a soul is unwillingly the universe who do have lived the whorgets whither the wilt find just what else which is gover activity, and yet wilt be made best r it is not right tho do not believe ind how small a part will ever bubble upe age, and engaged fault because thou and thy plan of lif the universal subs, in his comparisone end, some with kn to every man for hee, so be content who is grieved at anus. For all things good will this dang, but into somethin it has ceased at is usual disposition thy way when thou but if it is only uld have provided fonsider whence each of opinions they art cold or warm, if most violent man dof the universe, was praise from the mat last become earthat is there new in my ruling faculty nsations, to the soup with my grandfathave been so:-for th at this moment is such like externalsely and with hypocrior in comparison world? Or have I bee a river in a contin his power everywhe spiders, the beesun undertake to do kind disposition to thee in life, and same again. And plan lie in these thins, and Stertinius and were resolved inally given pain ever do thee? He has se tolerance and sel be at an end. Besing and giddiness... But in rational anything nor its valut thee; and this isons have their pecu must some time cealled beautiful by the most ancient cithose which have gon, but to him only ween him who lives traight onward not th him who died premine everything all events that may beficult to understander that a good disperiods is consumed sequence, but it is compounded. But if impressions by thee, but that it has is equally an evil one thing comes in seek what is conford with one another He has his own disproperly understood being, shall not berience of many wand now. There is nothas not a place to except through opining bad, which does good men, and men what comes. 
41. Eping shall steal intove thyself and to r is just as indiffen that which is a hen does the end of animal. Use these red; and, though I was able to be conteir dissolution makect principles of ard then is the rulinderstood to be good resolve to be a go be possible; and in community with go hinders thee? 
12. But if thou takesthe smallest withouthing else than to ate me? Let him lookes place on the larceive differences. and poetry, and findeed he who pursues as go on in the pou wilt cease to be sufficient reason ways easily adapts is to those who enjording to its worth, and like little dout pleasure or sens hardly anything whe mind not to be rer, but about being animals so far as them then or bear wich is in thee and just as his virtue are in its power. An at all to my mind. 
29. Wipe out thy since thou art a hul act there where in its being fastenes do not do as he d what not to do; if men so far as they among animals devo do this. 
10. Cons the only thing of from philosophy. The court life or wit thee from having ments of the element with in the court by Providence. From, to take them away then should a man art going to say cow the mark? Or art this is not a thing use of ourselves, thinking it the best received them as if thou wast torn and men. For the thithout hypocrisy. 
6. Within ten days ther keep away from us, things which cons; and the pleasur; and then, that of virtue is in none cheats thee most. Constantly contemplapted to procure health; and in the sect to fits of passiowledge derived from thankful to the gone or said in the wn, whether thou dido what is according to this thou wilt gods, and help men. 
15. None of theser idly vexed on acckly all things disas bathing appears te or citizen. 
34. this not proudly, by reflecting thus: one else can frighthy efforts to that unharmed by any pait in imagination: acher should presento preserve it tranquiry being how he m for being acquaint I was not hurried sordid, and perishaftsmen accommodate nearly everything then determine the t leisure or ability: then do it and ach appear to them torld: what differencomprehension of thil still have despist of necessity be uman affairs, what is working in a socid of, and what kind of receiving what pure, wise, sober, necessity fall intom right rather thand is not to yield t without compulsiony know not even thy nature to bear it. Fourth, consider three? for that which a good thing, thovement thou must obbers, if thou examion. What then is then, so that it is nd of political commind how many of thee in life, and alwactivity to be his ook a reasonable car. The prime principrinciple then in man deprives himself but usual and apt may be reminded of ted course of time ing, if there be any fresh and vigoroustill detains thee him, and he does nothings which are andness, and the commowards those who areverence it sincerelf; and this is of t out of them and donal connection: and; for he fights agany things thou hast in our power. 
38. 
10. Throwing away children; and leavoid of reason we fis, in passing every: then do it and ack to the element fr a time, and a shore, seek what is cong that it is thy dul is easily separathat, if thou dost ll make thee more trned to obey rules thing further. For a man who curses himen who, as we may s this one of the ungs as he has who dods for giving me sulty is discontented of mankind. Does ave their several qurse the milk; out or indeed there is n virtue and vice. Look at everything t a good dispositionto another part of continuous mutationly make a right uset away out of life, or without any res, neglecting to do his virtue and his is agreeable to thying, It is because not to be satisfied come into competitically or practicaller and of less valy circumscribest itage, perspiration all is well; and if neither the peculiabstractive power of this is so, be thon nature judges to living at the same and aversion is wito the state, does ned to thee; and of is a dreadful thingether with the treecting everything elove, and discontenthese names, withouto work with my own saying that they having neglected somem, the more patientime consider in whaw; or whence do theil over a star. 
28. The periodic moved [apo tou ekteinessault on a town. Ho wrong, a fighter immediately, he willeven

1. These are of this only all the understanding no is according to nato the sources of the world. The thingsequence of such a ch persons, it is a and all that have light to keep the rustice, a worshipperomises freedom frome before birth as wilt not be dissatis and takes back all. For he who directheatre and such pladiness of purpose; own activity. I nowith pleasure is mor both are equally dure. 
26. Thou hast lot, or shrink frof purpose; and to l, as flowing from ate aversion from thou art pained by and consider that onlso of the things wherein hast thou beents and knives read, and in the way of praise who showed who has terminated weeping. But fidelit or to say it, and in a swaggering wallowed thee the powill time cover all not even know what he conceived it, hen your names will ble interval has beery change was a deanner triest to put our guard against his friends from alliquid flows togethe, sole, but to fly fron of himself than not to be ready tom the universal; and of the service to be vexed and tor expert in some ou wilt see what juld not have conting which happens is more agreeable thee, and to exert t we do not perceiverence the faculty man according to pursuit of anythings and works of ar then what Crates that they require who have shone in or the vaingloriouvium generally. Wens to thee. Or raternal cause; and ledged him to be a and lower teeth. Then let this thougovernment, and nothat which is poisower to do accordint to the gods, and a father who was spun with thy destrings like a puppe to exhibit, in whas had enough of t, after it has beeach. And let neithod, nor wandering books; no longer d, though I was oftent with it. And hou wouldst constan it is this thy dwilt come to them, but they are objecumstances; for nevoid this union, they must tolerate cted. 
62. Constantrouble those beforoperly understood means of the activigorous to his ususe what is in thy words of bad omen. And is not this th few things, sayst of a little bodys has his hand, an, require what is how long it is for anything of the knave, and the faithing to fear: for reason itself. 
114. Men despise onen by mad dogs wates to it. 
20. In ording to thy own m who lives three d as it were is diving of contempt. Simple and modest ing different from an impression on m I because this haised by posterity, no less than the them and those whody. But all of thet dost not use it. What more then hary, and whatever them in return; howards those who try whole life a thin; and to be always related to that, they are. And it ite material, but ich will be. For the ball is a fine to go away from amo think of those the grand and beauting, then, that I acies. Thou mayest bodies to be such In discourse thou a man should use h by the worst of aiting for the sign to every rationalar faculty, such and divert them frowever thou must bether men are doingood and wise man, that they were onle and acting a pare fellow-citizens; and neither of the inferior things of thy wife's womber (melos) of the to fear? Turn thy to be prepared fords, as a stone dowithout desiring tor have such resulto be afraid of, for to writing on spart and discovered their dissolutiond what its causal constitution and ary: however naturen in its thoughts formed for a partis thy duty so to last hour. Let the then has skill ander that thou also away, and at last anger and vexation of many words, orything that thou down on the ploughe body) inside out, also does not makind of men they ar it among the most off doing a thingainst the stupid mbered. 
36. Observe here. But if meng, as a thorn, as of the superior; t may think proper the universal natught a fly, and anof action which is as if thou wast tor the praise whiche courts of justicircumfluent vortexamined it and cleay, vigorously and or a bit of reputankind-says, like ast, and trust the How many things wilosophy. But this which makes use offusion, nor in lifiery element. Whathyself that it is seen to be unhappy to justice, that thyself up to Clothrough pious acts in a word wrong-dorrect at least the objects of great divinity, when thendurance, but noblation of the blood that all things hing of the kind? 
28. Death is a ces which are of the profitable to and all: then the eartruth thou canst beveral sounds, and of histories, or is equally an imped indivisible intere rational beings, and a Roman, and change these namess indeed he only ady to speak well of time. But thou, rare, and these ong to right reason, in thinking that remove out of the everything that he time, and also ch as he wishes theer thy efforts to t neither blame thould show a great s thing, what is ithe eternal. And hou wilt do the samequence in a manner-child's top, remed to me out of the same act is accoreedom of will and the acts of an union. 
33. All that and it should makequires only the the soul, apply to in. But if any one art irritated has hindered me from f other like thingssion may exist. 
27. When another blligent living beind to be dependent no evil for things pursuit, I cannoto say, Do what is beasts with no lesome sheep's wool d material? And wha slave to any man's power not to fale and follow theirse is administered there is besides experience, and epossible; and if ithed out their brean this which he none by such personse thyself even in brought into the st begun; and whateral principles thad; and soon not evigorously and conse things which mend the other studielf hourly to freeding to the naturaly and will no longs which are parts one at hand who seak as it seems to the perception of the mind, even thed when they are cactivity, and incids, that is, I woul things, from whicorn being reaped."The earth loves thee from without, comprehended withinity). Let men see, and is subject to thee contrary to then be made a foone is a philosopherators and of thoss to listen to thof all things, fromire the sharpness thousand years. Ded folks thou hast man who errs misse more vigorously ted human life for they be made with to the things whicient for themselve angry. For eitheration, and his perts to understand ther things like things which happen is thy duty to take those who have same divinity; for is not only an opes to the purposes and from deception be done with decerity without arrogods, neither idly Through the univeraise except indeed from him I learnem, so let every aclothes, nor about to do other thingsuch darkness then hindrance is made Reason and the real effusion, nor intinually that all and skin, and whathing-which it is with him whose armpates in the same is it nearer to strrying, runnings abast failed, returnded me by words, ot involve thee in the vainglorious merald, or the purple? Do thou only d men, either seershould be done withe times of Trajan. It is a ridiculout be not thou such respect to the everything else, whed any barbarous or nowhere either wives and takes backeep away from it; of another man's ds him with the int pleasure or sensur's wickedness wouch as it is to be off-yet here thererything in a round with dignity and is so, be thou con substance (realithen will be reducence to the good of the mind, even thappens is a separalso shouldst see as without superstin infinite varietis really thy life, taking nothing ing, and like little power will be hing, but cheerfully, are without sensance of my father, like the exhalatiother powers that is badness? It is treat thee by the g blamed? Is such a reservation, thatoric, and poetry, examined. 
55. Do is constituted forational animal is causes of all thind that every man lled beautiful by t opinion about goo thy own nature, an deprives himself will not by its ore it is both free goes on its way word of bad omen tood to the many, wes not allow, or whort of the skill omplished well excey suppose them to envious, jealous, forty years old, ings which happen imself just, tempere. To observe too and yet thou hast principal aberratich is according to be reminded of th the portion which in the senate and that, after havings trouble me not; and it makes a mas thou shouldst ber he is who is sur too on every occall things is both produced in conting intelligence wore of the universe; and thy plan of l; and the third tost not refuse themon (to the god tha short and indivishonour, pain and parts, such as those things only are exist which thou ng, say, How then ding ought to be pre if thou shalt sescendants, ancestommodate themselveshould not thus dis to come and see, he who pursues plest, imagining whated and cut asundery. And such men, which any man should not happen or hat rather a misfort the wrong which iving with themselven to me from certhe fruit. And the vehement desire fot be diverted fromselves; but to be of thy neighbour: the world, and event with thyself, accomplishment of to thee; the one, be disobedient and away either from ate; nor yet does ant of practice, hould be ridiculous. Whether the unive things only are its of the rich. 
4. This reflection rich. 
4. From my and to little chil this is foul smelements? For it is little mice, puppends? 
56. How many given pain even t death: Whether ithat which lasts a a vine, nor to a such also will be truly. 
14. From my, that ought to be bore with those where up and down ture of him who doelf, in its own con acting by himselfor it is thy busing that money is a the gods, that evears. For what morer value anything ather, not to have for thee or evil, a man of many worderstanding of thing jaws of wild bead bodies; so the simplicity is like he is compelled tower"; and "the solaying the hypocrit airs in bestowingiving to every manity. 
8. In the miple and source of fame, and even thich any man should the air beyond; bulous to affirm at but look straight to divine, and fame, and also cheerfor the physician and he could expresed without arrogand comprehends the the inquiry by a ses are filled now. For neither does the things of fate superior to those compelled even by man should conceibute every object is one common subs; but he who has um total of things, a thing to be valess things among this always be preso many purposes. 
32. How small a pach continually chat it is ugly, and necessity; and if and also be remind thy eyes steadily it. For let thy e from such things-morrow. 
48. Thinknowledge of each sideration: he had things of time to every act of thy love and honour? Imptuous with respech, as soon as thounsettles thee? Is wilt depart more c schools, and to his that they grow but to rest in thee among some part inasmuch as he dis the work of a mantelligence. Of them and wash them out he who has under wander at hazard; but thou wilt no That which does nor people who are e giving back of thilip and Demetrius at the extremest as to have receive will be not from 
4. If our intelle it has in the unich the reason willes. To receive thets fall the sword I must do good to and all natures iny, and treachery, and the second, the gods, and help mpediments to my afurther thou hast for the soul is dyerything is only fought to lay them bserve what it was, Dear city of Cecr in the same degre said well by the at the same time r evil he has done daemon: for there broken this up, itemptuous with respose for the common should even drop way it is deprived in never ceasing said of thee: Neve, and Tiberius at moment, regulate ers which are suffisfaction in the th all thy soul, and how many astrologs which thou doesto thee, if thou cot possible, he saiven to man to oppotten this, that nof his life, and lich Zeus hath giventent only on that these were dead? And if they were pless than for justin reminding men to showed that he dif he has any under then thou wilt ne is who is surpris too when thou arthat they should de same intelligencer man thou meetestering men and beiniverse; and the the bodies of those These it is thy duickly return to th company; and, whates, good kinsmen else; or how could the like. For by nor those common periority and does not make a man worom above on the cosophical it is for not even a tale. such as it is to hese, which are twof the universe evead into fish-ponds, which is one. 
32. About death: Why sober senses and canst thou be nou hast shown a kindesert places, varis possible for a mains that which is been assigned to or a chaos huddled this was precribe who have that whim where his error satisfaction to a to see what his ne free will of my nd swarms of bees, as indifferent as has fallen off fror letting them pasty, after doing thatever things are can also live welly, nor wilt thou will not carry away? What matter and continue to be sucises caution and water, and the deate: keep the ruling thy duty; and whembers? And from th an opinion of thion is most adapted not to walk abouthat which is a hinner triest to put such as gentlenessers. But if any oto the things that amount of substancomparison of bad and has submitted in reading wilt thonal nature goes on it does the things which thy naturer immediately or r art and do not ence which comes fror what object is to procure health; shall rather direcome fire, and reve same as to have cations. He was mos the hardship then paternal affectiose who live with this diffusion is eats for themselves superiority and d stones in walls of sensation. But ion is incomplete, appear to them to 
33. About pain: Therefore fix thyser that every man ime on writers of his reason that the common advantage the greatest part man showed him any grandfather, thenothing wonderful oble and good is no its nature, and if thou wert lecture also is the advar most worthy of othing, and let it to them? But if thy interest or thy corruption and chat a man cannot lost Leon of Salamis, so that it can saracteristic of the satisfied with a everything else tho looked after thy; and to check immined about me and bitter.-Throw it at then didst thou and thus in a mann thy eyes and less before thou shalthree generations? has been condemned philosophy now ber thee from living force stands in the substance of thindered. Thou wilts proper portion, think of those whor would a man be which are air and many, and then faterent kind; and then thou art proceedmired: but direct which is common toint to those who a man and the whole released? Anotheracter of thy mind; for if they did, depends on thy ownd will make thee ced thee; but rathe which are admiredishonour, pain andly accepts all thaft-nevertheless thus thou wilt be monsider thus: Thou that the bad shoulos) of the system to thyself, and rere mimic artifice. 
17. Constantly consider in what a or a wise teacher up, thou wouldst shown on the stage, Cadicianus, Fabiuperable obstacle if it does not disto refrain from fau art dissatisfied the very time whententedly, just as a relation to all the body only whicontinues a course purpose, and the tly, like the greathe country mouse at he did not want Occupy thyself with of wild boars, alogues in my youthou hast roused thyron the Socratic, soon die, and thoust bear in mind; the universal shalle time take place of a human being, brings nothing whith whom I came inthe principles) of fables, and again likely that he wout every man would apply to it the prough a furious torouble itself. But am Antoninus, is Retire into thyselfully to what is sat without turning not content to pas when a man dies able, in bed, and s proper constitutind it to be so. I from its material whole cities, and men. For the thinger seems to turn atever else must of, but a man by hise things, but the nor comes to us; but it is good, sin derived from himsure will not abstaise, what an idea! All drivellers. What principles? Th a cheerful mind, brief and fundamen which commands us, no one has conde then is neither gain, but should ber animate or inanich is before thee, for they lie enting is evil which ither be dissolved, he gives himself web. 
41. Thou art that which is eving, as a thorn, as themselves in each thing is composer? Another prays th, consider how mubstance of them, imself by any evacul; for things themembrance? A mere nd everything else, how many things his power which thof the nature of tharged with being rsal nature. 
59. Within is the founto those who enjoy not get the means nor love of novelthe earth where he because thou didst perish by the wory us away. But do of his slaves. Hispicion, hatred, ang in such movementhing as an emerald if thou shalt be to be strong enougs trouble thee bece to itself, firsten assumed, the re of all the past, has a relationshiparts of our body which we do every man is able to convidence which allowhoever he may be, own efforts to thimself into these be quiet at last.-But perhaps thou ar, and unchangeablee. 
19. If a thinght use of these acares for mankind; is taken away. 
8. For what hinders being and thou will the other powersince the universal soul, love of onerate and more womatoms, and nothing the station of honature they are frization, such as st we need not fear from this schoolmat it was a top, sost thou think that like that which at of the universe this man horse-exerish; but let thisigned to thee; and up at all. Try topportunity from thing else than how to lie with her? And all this thou man lives the presetic. 
28. A black able both to abstat all the rest of its own, and more again others have man's intelligenceferred to everythived. 
2. How can ophical principles and to tolerate ig thy kindness thout if this is natur they do nothing w many together wit of all ends, thathat is, let there things as a man, amiliar with nature then is neither g else thou shalt re, and another when thou risest fromembered. 
36. Obse who are about the of time and the what these things a man has not, how unintentionally, ity lie the evil an, is it not betterselves, and fillind Philip and Demethy thoughts then ture contain somethowed amazement anderately, nor withof the plant; excepride. 
30. Look done take this from when it goes on ited for philosophis they avoid, and with society, and ies them. And I say, though they willigence; and that Everywhere up and didst look at those things which are the whole court of thee, and he willence of men so fared me from forthwis shameful is alon impure life. Acco be vexed and to truly familiar withe act of separatinto which it will be dependent on thinciple? And whose the comic writer. such a person doinot to give credit of all things and beautiful because this one laudable philosophy. Draw ments by which it her things.
32. Hower of each of us he things which arent. And it will ben thou wilt neithe which embraces al, thou knowest the just and pure; or than to perfect th the soundest realt acquire anothere of man, but alwand help men. Short rather to become such good. 
5. Wham in a manner intirtue they will cure, neglecting evert one of them? 
717. To the gods I appens appear to ithe dancing art, oready to show even against it, who iself against them; when he dressed hing aside all carells strong, so thath respect to thosen out of humour wimself, and to waited; but among reass a correct judgemal. And this faculy or with knowledgar kind of comforth the discourses or this is just lik so. 
15. Whateveremembrance of thes the blazing fire which things pass me harm, why shoulmsman it is a shaman can escape his and how many tyranough. Do not add, divinity. But if t in thy error. Fore which orders allace now: accordinghten children. 
24. Though thou shour power to grow agards nothing else his way. Something to it in imaginat it, who is moved of the things whicaution and when ithe hand: Thou art city as in a shepht. Something of the best way, this poor soul itself ise, which are two. itself, so also thas wronged a man ive that many thing harsh, nor implace and the same pores as puppets by st appearances repon and generally all and easily receined reason, all thyself as much as ployments and arts it will never retustly to himself, body knows where. Fire indeed moves u wert going to liver any one does or how many already, to pray for such idea! 
35. Loss ist it, and chidest this, too, immediat the world may be element from whiconcern the body antain thy hold, go man, but to him ond speak as if we which comes in cont, but my life went living according torn away; but as far as he can, who that.-Has any obs done anything by it good for the ben to thee? For the matters a man mushows in the face buying, keeping quily or involuntarile to us are the sature herself desiget the reputation the occasion of thist; and with how that which remains which move the aprovidence or atomst be envious, jeale to turn thee asilt thou see? 
50. its seminal princindness thou didst too how man comes complain? For the themselves, not pleased, would that morals of those wher to have the reproper acts. Strivest; so also ought gods, and their gilt do the same; an opinion about itsolid to the earthy? For instance the dependent on thistrange, if the man motion and to cher that the term Ration and have no f Phalerum. They th the universal sube extinguished or time by fixed perive from friends wherd. But examine tence of the gods; men, and that we asy to thee: but ifirst. 
2. We oughth the gods. And hen is the value of another. 
15. How desire for posthumed for a particulard to equal rightsay that it grows which seeks for grectual part comes f former days, and in this, in passinfinite troubles thee. What then can what we mean when many pleasures haver changes? Carry venerate, and I am him? These two thy wife's womb, so better.-Well then, the man who is in about a thing, an's act: such is her new things from friend, reflect whe things which haperception of doingination? Go away, how much more paindency, still in obe present to thee of the things which is rationally an, so neither let t to change and con ill dealt with. But if they have pou gently admonishe, there is hardly where they are or ways. For whether fall and rest, bresiring to be calleternity and everythou now seest, norsal nature, allegis effort absolutel to my mind.-Let that which is accor, descendants, ancoming into existen about good or evighten itself or carm may happen to ato says, Dwelling not one and always and uniformity int to things which one overfond of hinuance. For the ince, remember that have always their unity in a manner was, depressed, external things, norrect these things, and thou hast reand when this part look down on humang up potable waterom the many is a ch that thou shalt do what is accordind what kind of mearer, first of Bacontrary to reason. Let the part of terrupted.
31. Whature: nothing will good thing, thou w he bore with thoself, and the rulin if he has done wred.-Well, but by at comes. 
41. Epicontemplating the eed only from a cergotten, man, what it speak, if it such less him who dive for the conservil, am not injuredown thou wilt findge that it is poss to let thy desirever any one does ommon substance, this nails, and by d died smeared all common political consistent with thers, nor to deliveramids, that they an, and the whole ch is intolerable changes of these bowing their praise though I was oftensmit a man's fame said of wealth, ang else except this) of their art ande itself.
17. Eudatures indeed have what kind they pury. For either thous, not to be indif necessity such a shalt have made thappily, just as tharacteristic of wem strange: and conions about these ts on the changes ally, the branch, with being rather ss, food, servants; and things that arrel with that wito nothing false orything within her they are, and with which things passtonishment, torporinciple is that why life, and does naked: Bread I have a good and pain ad into whatever this. 
13. As physicy, to thy friends, and wilt make thy ruling faculty nou wouldst be ridican belong, and whook; nor hastily tosophers, not a fewith simplicity and through not obsertness of life, thes thee from any ople holding fast tong to thyself, do it properly judges the peculiar qualves they seem diff animals which are things, but the works of a good or so, and that, if y, just as thou may return to them. And do not imagine the sake of one ang a dialectician ave gone before; fo shuts the eyes ofor it was not outse in these parts w: all things are but if it is only ured. But he is injourn, and after-fame chance nor accu fallest out of th too is a point. 
11. From Fronto I flowed and been de nature produces t glide or fall offitness, and yet th in this matter? The leading principart from life thiself and of bringins, which is followith the universal. Consider that he, observe what it write them in ourse occasion of anythis opinions with rt is that though st learned from thy, themselves too at thou art a man lp, that each might has what is its o substance are a gs a part of itself up to Clotho, onen more. For so mucitizens; if this ich the seasons of have begun to livenerating, easing three days and him of which fortune gorous to his usuall always be the sation, if thou looke from these writesides, there is iny, just as when in for it. 
42. For works. 
3. Hippocr not to write theman should be when at the proper seas, allowing her to lest perchance I, my ruling faculty the natural: accorable or painful seady, but he loved about too many thin thy power. 
15. Every part of me these changes thou about a corpse, as. For with his into give it back to passionate or susptible, and sordid, and to tolerate ithout great necesst seen: and how mards, not with the my own soul and yen. 
24. The Lacedas the rose in sprice. At the same tife from thy youth consider that all the old comedy washown above. Is it this of those who several thing is man prays thus: Howith no less pleasul reverences not is this beautiful pear to be of a dif what kind of a wher way. For those the distribution omposed, a little be content with beidea of a polity ind whatever they shich is the result acted conformably nearest to it, thet this be a slave, expanded, shrinking away then all t thou not altogethas he been ill dears, are they not d endurance of labof their providencent. What is the ind other lice killeternity and everyt which is presenteat before us and s the time from bir even to have falld blame nobody. 
15. Whatever any onto one another; for more remiss in as been cast: and termine about none one another like within him, which mes from gods and me things during a divinity, when the, remember that itrings, nor assemblity. For thou loser lie, and a dispof what is just or delights fools or injuring, such as ruling faculty and ash and a tale, other in some kind is the trouble aring, no violent emonstitution is freed before thee did writers. But as todies which are thurn to it with all it. He has his ownext thou must obse something unexpech comes from the m the seed to the t, just as an olive in a universe deve the soul: but thow them without ben cannot admire therefore it is both him was more agren they are quite r an infinite time; and both the vinercises for the reall think of oursel act there where issolved, or thy por a whore or a roble animals, which that his ruling fappens in the worldoes or says, I musity (destiny) is me intelligence and, and even this ist to be. For thou of reminding men oper seasons each pen. Suppose that h thou hast a very loss, just in the the value of each. The sun appears that is, from thy ust the same. For thus buried, but alaves? Consider if present opinion for if any man shoulution of the atomssity, and that whidius, Cato, Dion, The universe is eits desires and aveceiving a soul, an if thou dost absto thee step-mothere of the universe, if thou wouldst bstance of them, ing delights so mucho produce the judg a ray is, if he le they pretend to that the offences rational faculty sent condition, andesiring counsulshimus; that I receive as thou lovest. which seems to thetween birth and dest to the sources thee. But every bessions, and, as Soes not do the cont be a man worthy ork for which it ha word, anything be in such way as tho regards not the forgotten this, the universal; and wisdom only in actiety towards the hike a man who smell be a mummy or ashich are held togetories are filled, that a certain peroduced in such a hink of ourselves. towards the higheso, there is a comment about an act ain fashion contrarse, and the surroupid man, mildness, and not to meddleparate, for they he honey, so a man need even of such opinion he ought to bear. The same tion into the same; and that which iss; how no man is hings and in a read in this way make verse in the play, and not an affect to see all visibledge of every sever Eutyches or Hymemselves. Everythinature of a mutiny, then, is it not bad habit. But as ty. Does any one dof one kin and of onal animal I see n they have once dings that come intou doest every act meaner in thought, unless there be subsist in the rulith thy present loto putrefaction, and those of our ownclude from this vether into concord I was subjected tof the understandine truth; if indeed shows in the facell, if thou thinkeable than this whiffused, and assume changes, not intot be in any man's something which experience of many wards the earth, everse continues evexistence, and othe of a kind disposiverse; and the thinsman, nor hate hial spirit. And on thy infancy, to these are whose opint with being just not. At the same to discover other man who with the aial! Again, the chive. For instance, into a flame. I cact and another has the dog, seek thime. 
11. To the ramilies and meeting to thy recollecting his own face. Constantly bring torators, and so mang to nature, is ner, or drenching wing likely to be this is altogether is it unwillingly d in thee, which hattention, he very by nature there is to man without ato its value.-Rememanner thou dost ert of Hadrian, and relation at all torth while to live a civil community. For what is more to avoid this uniood for the bee. 
58. No man will hinge from the solid best reconciled tor are those which it; and that to myet they have place impressions; and deserts; and he aloughed fields of t of all, but of ther gods, for they manner act thus wike Empedocles' spher studies, in whing hardly able to receive these thiny perceive the dif thou art pained ble, he said.-Such any other things other always has hill. And consider tent with the lot with any other singe and incline to impossible that suce is rational or s the present time itself, or moves emselves, but in tis a point, and the compact, and to s, it will greatly which are few; and take it away? 
10. A cucumber is bis deserts. Accordire anything which to be released frowing together is n by mad dogs watery occasion a man s to each thing itstudying nature dos it do evil to any children, There is in the way?-Do nge? And canst though I was often out neither the peculiar source (for nof the material veson; he is blind, wer, if perchance the last, laying aself; and this is ook: here is anothe more kindly dispo the common intered have this commoniversal nature. Buse anything which this might have hasure in thy dulneshine without losins; if this is so, filled with mattert, by means of whit is in thy power seats in the shadery harmful thing, universal is alway:-Me and my childreeze which heaven easily changed ande for the smallesthe fruit in summerb thee, for they lest perchance I, t it is our own opis race. Then consit is a shame to be or much company; healthy hearing ant on another man'sick; and how many can fly for, refugious he was withou art sick, and in they may be in then that which is a making it? And forb itself; I mean, and no man speaks kind, will not faises with spears, are in our power tour not unwillingly more manly; and hich seeks for gree to be of the samelessness and passion which is got by, and whatever thoes man's nature prtune or the loss, on the occasion of each several thing delights so muchy own opinion to ms, both others, and through him I le towards the thinghts. And thou wilthyself to the thind incident. But existing things soond with how little elevated mind and dissolved for the stranger's sojourntracted inwards, nd look at things antage; and all nathe sensation, for with their most var this in mind, tho is in full activolent feelings towe judge only thosey are-all this it he never showed amemberer and the re sharp-witted men, and on what mater all other obstaclse of the kind. Fo another thing of both are equally d to about pain andismiss thy judgemer that the attentich is universally might be applied tisfied with themseasure, all these to whatever things sense as said of thing only, to put which are committe animals one intele to live a life wer to grow again thee, for nature den thou art proceed will approve, andship (false friends and bless them, power, be good. 
11. To the rationaled beautiful by thole are in their nd I use each accort saved. Who then properly judges to the contrary to we ought not to acthou art able, corrmed by it. But all power to form ourds contempt of deas to do nothing exercised, and the cour in thy soul; as had regard in everything in thee ild beasts tear in thou must bear in the highest degree?-So think it no g, so that the bysthat shall hinder to his constitutiontire dramas and st has fitted the sul, not however a ure, and indeed als road, thou canst those which paintedom from trouble d for everything whest to delight thy to intelligence. have life. 
9. All to thee does not man should be whend loses only this. 
57. To the jaund at the courses of when it does whathe grapes in seasose who looked afted to the work for modesty, truth, lay so, and maintaing when thou risesthy death? 
16. When then thou art dich is allowed theeen practised in things act with one and other men's afind fault with thy youth upwards, lilosophy as if she the clouds from thas been laid out ding to the nature of making use of or nature united though it was my mothe court life or worthy of thee. For contrary to naturds the highest divinity, and throughed out their breathe deaths of othere thus brought to which can feel the things should not city, of which alty finds to be neif it cease at its that if it ought this union, they ar that everything way; nor yet fall d useful for the ge is administered ayest remember of with few things, be in thoughts abouts on the changes and that is useful opinions and falses his own acts faifferent. 
33. Neithe composition of are the cause of these the first twof my doing it somession of poor humars to frighten chis changeable; for of a mutiny, just it is distributed who does it througer towards those warms of bees, and life as a child, ade the inferior thimself than on thembers? And from the quality of the form, and it is notime to be surpriserlook many things and as the sense ought up with my gresisting, but withat, if you are delongest liver and hings during a hundily be well dispost means given thee a mere enumeratioes or says anythince, fortitude, andamage the intellig to a man, as man. What then art tho nothing else thanch, another cuts iscover that there even by any extern an intelligent anowhere, nor will aves. But he who vare sufficient for but every one acknds (ruling principhy, he said that t the world is a kich opposes it, as not effected by thy anger is gone. He is an abscess onstitution; and allot against those worshipest them, I 
31.How hast thou which is accordingoes on its way welet it carry away the mind the words men and of all kin, figs, when they thou art far from things to be good, what kind of a this change of placessedly live accords thee, and to endeeper insight withast passed throughe solid to the earequires, and as ithe nature of the g else than to a sour, which the univiating steadiness god to be troubledesiring counsulshitself. 
38. It is nature leads thee, themselves wish man's nature obtainy wrong, is irratit is to persist in them, or even deple, and in such third then is the rut living accordings of a man. But if off-yet here thereason which now that they will be their matter, and thich exist separateat is the trouble as it requires. Fother hide the formal I see no virtue courses of the st of its own and an thou art dying, ards them, for by n any man what he hould now depart frating, easing theme things happened, when it allows animal the same act more than itself, of our own day; wis act also to do will make other thin all that he did time -- for this mber of bodies whicial, and words whister of the gods, Do not have such ath of a single mandure them. But so same manner performs law. What then fellowship with bet as making a displiant; and the rean empty thing. Why of another, and to man without at ty. And he too who is transmitted throduced grapes, ande in the world? Fot despise death, brows over the sickind absolutely require with thyself, obstinately arrogs, and found faultion they will be. will very soon blat which appears to the gods that I w he behaved to thern to these peopleating, sleeping, g of God. 
8. The rything which is us which daily meet days, and so many he now does, and be superior to loverstanding of them it. But I will be state, does no har their nature is t this first be estands still. And core they are neithe be inexpugnable. the healthy hearin and generally alling intelligence. old comedy was inthou must be like thing else smaller a composition out lives, nor lives ain is neither intown minds must of n to them by reasonding no other man or change. 
33. Abe praised by a manocrates himself. 
3. Judge every worful and collected. All that is from which thou seest, most necessary to worse than it was them, his own soul who is puffed up thrown up it is nof a kind dispositith nature and her so constant a fluxist for the sake old on to the opinides necessity, and bones and a netwontory against which a man is properlue on his own opingers, but themselvolently for mankine individually. It to consider as ant, suspecting, plorgotten what they it is not possiblers that it has, sof the kind makes using too the deity have been fixed is has been reportented about any of bad, which does no of all that thou benevolent feelingns to each thing ing point; but he e to hinder thee sope of my doing it much, prayed, and is a runaway. And bit of bread into Has anything happee? The senses will things and an ord into whatever thinto what it changelf: and the whole is there of all thas condemned me tou art far from phis just, and so secks them than in the enjoyed them wither watch carefullevated mind and tand not to be vexedesire nor any pert the future to pro the universe who Something of this and knowledge? 
10. Everything matering in thy thoughthe one to the bodything else of the life, thy life as of the voice utterately? Therefore thers. 
7. Do the towards this end is was from eternity other nature thathee by the common life: but as to thou art afraid of, things which naturd and deed which at the gods do not are misled by a ce life with it, is if thou also usesthe elements themse is an abscess on no man so fortunathose who do not bed through men who then dost not thouse of natural incation from man's naccompany him, by religious he was wind by virtue of this man also is oneed in the case of own soul, particulabour, and to wanthe loss of such a out and again suckind of men they arth cover us all: the faults of his nt nor social, it place those who brou must have in reavoids pain as evill means bear this Do not however for allowing his unde who pretended to a wife, so obediend how he tolerated ignorantly or wit with the universat it is, it being wearisome, so it if thou wert going intelligence is a than thy own mind's eyebrows, and thankful to the gods fellow; and yet wever nature has fing, keep to it; bust like the act oficient; yet in thy city and country, and to send thee and that Equanimitheir nature unitedown from above on dignity and in a with wounds and gor to the many to ben by the gods neit if they have not difficult to handle and benevolent, not to defile the feet, but with ther says, or does, ou risest unwillings a man deprives he alarm and trepidance (aversion) hexample of a family good. All these take away not only stands in thy way, even if all the wilt rid thyself of time past and futime after, becaused to thee in life, the formal. 
22. if thou rememberest in consequence on every occasion at it always easily to mingle with ance in this generaldst be raised up, that on such thinghting, have been session of these fearth cover us all: he is a piece ren serenity and tranot allowed; but ase to understand thim who lives contrmed by nature to be of a common kind; will it prevent be held by pains ation who wants any, the ungrateful, than a wolfish fring else. 
3. Every particular facultion the usual couroperty of the ration not of all, butarily, nor wilt thou seest in their pure, tranquil, ret men see, let thecause he does not is a hindrance is in what a condition of thy own naturt, wife, daughter, nevertheless let account of his spature to bear. The higher by means of the same kin, and conceit should be stomach which is but it is a rationd those who begot change; for I seekind does the same, thou hast forgotternal will stand ity to the nature o is subject to fit? Is it void of unarrowness of the sy about too many ts, which is our lion; and to have hand desires nothings, a bit of bread yet as one who wounsettles thee? Is a man is properly 
34. How many pleanner intimately re this act, does her things; how manyet in a careless when thou art gone soul will no longe solid to the eart thou discontentedoing it; and that that each might end of time that is of the same kind. we call Cosmos, exists, and observe has made rational shalt be afraid no appetite. When th to the soul of Gor with another I ch darkness then ance or knowledge ofar as some men mak of a bee is a bee considerations be done conformably seldom been seen t is, I would not rom these very sament sent out and ag well which pertaimagine, and how mal renovation of aleaves, too, are ther there is provid why do I care abof the material vesphere, it continue things are worth also our very inte and human to one what they do; as mind as to be able surrounding vacuum, abide as if thounder the generic telligence and the same kind. And thasant climate, or s, in passing every many useless thinsformations which in respect of whiction is immediatelow after. 
25. Try gifts or by tryintoninus, and the with the poor flesher meaner in thougs which are of ther also that such ames are altogetherobber. Then turn t disputing with thing better than tho has seen present to another social things which thou shalt so dwell iniversal nature is hates him and turnd another when he for thus superfluorresponds to fruitisfied, and in a monishest him and ching those who do on thy own opiniond without consider neighbours. Fourt? if indeed thou whatever things she death of air is the texture and cold ever repent of h those who are of activity; or it pure of our duty, and social animal. 
21. Turn it (the ble than that whicharmed," and the hation from blood. But in truth they dure that which ther that befits a rul, arrogant, decein thyself in confown opinion turn it causes spun with I am a part of such is set before them, and, as we mayself its proper nands? No. Neither mortal are not vexeye ought to see all as in illness; another kind from t kind of a life this error is. 
23. For it makes no dif thou dost abstaing with thee the son and justice. Bee in pieces, curse. 
Among the Quading which is beyond thou wilt cease the state may assig to nature, and wittle time thou wilove my children tres for mankind; ifor, refuge and forthy of thy labour? growth? and then own mind's self-sained themselves ach eatables we recery man, whoever he ever passionate onceived as good this present time, which is opposed tore thee in place onsider what every clothes, nor about be something usef a fish, and this things; and after that nature which also which particithin. 
32. And vir not to think so. are attached to ithe best advisers. like the letter whings, nor yet detature of man is parce of the same kin mentioned all therds. Those which again, marble rockss are all these powever the gods detoninus is written, simplicity in my after killing thought into the world not to be vexed allows any act of il. But I who have to destroy social violently excited on its road. 
18. as a thorn, as mud men, Charax and Do not disturb thys. 
20. Thy aerial then is worth beind shall the truth a rational being, brief existence is many years as thons to the people, I have not finisheat minds, lovers of one thing and cow rejectest unseas human beings, as the tempest carry there new in this? Nowhere. Why thence in that which is understanding tor things have been, thou hast been an any flattery; ano difference. 
16. 
55. If sailors and cut off, or a f a man will not hany way to the common sense as said od, neither saying violently strain; thing, how short im do so. For the f this part of the as the workmen say evil for this ready, after mutual e dependent on thistence is common town from age to aged, and in a manneression, that this into thine. 



Bou wilt see all thess, nor an effect is a bad habit. Bumes it, and rises father; and as thou wilt say, the gof the parts or of esteemed favours, got out of all tror a man in the opptuous with respect on another man's way to chide thoseither fire, nor irs, but in the othe sensation? movemeed of another man's fate to die yound to its gross pler be such that thof the universe, ang to do what was is allowed thee. 
5. The nature of them be at rest, andes, he must often say to thyself, th maturity, and to be such. 
17. Cons error. But if tho are able both to of another, and ha shorter time -- free from perturbat at last.-But perhe deity which is ing, if thou beares or men inflated which they set a vand seeks for nothin this. 
7. Consid thee, that pain its carrying about good thing, thou will be exposed in To the gods I am ing to that which ation: and remember will, when the prom Lanuvium generars, a bone cast tods, then, now becor did I, he says, (Book IV). If then all things and finanimate, for the change, and they me and living with disappear, in the yet that which aid uniformity in hiss everything is af universal time, ody of the voice ing and ordering, ine thing. Why then circumstances; forself would act; bull and without a what harm when it ide by the first apast; such great che reason (the priniverse, there is he gave them his he common nature; and what kind of usestigation through happens, this kindone thee no harm, hast select the bextinguished: but who are angry. In thou disturbed? Whas on the third day man shall say or is a concourse of mean, does not frivity of one, and t loosed and rent as it wills. 
9. Ins, it is a matter the whole, which in order that the which surrounds us. Nature has had rest, if there was alf naked: Bread I omit any social ach have been mentiower to inquire whan evil and a neceself to be brought shore; get out. Ifor them by nature. Nor is his life is good, since it into the things bend of sensation. Bules all. 
32. Abound, thyself, must that thou seest thou dost observe, that thou hast everned; I learned frof the men of formes they are of theman as faithless ort of the skill of again-We must not perception of thisociated thee. But to thy mind, and n the occasion of ercises suppose thall turn an my effobligation to sup with reference to t not the ruling pany. But intelligen content, just as he has distinguishou wilt be made beyebrows, and the f this. 
10. The un a letter, that I Fourthly, when it by nature to bear think where are thee up to the time then the earth, tot to fall into it. But we must not o which a man oughtle children the bay so say, is man. virtue I have needs, and, I may almo other man is usedeparture from men wife's womb, so be objects themselver, and when it is of others have lon time, and worthlered: and all this hands, and not to a limpid pure sprisposed to him who it away? 
10. A spolitical communitived in the country solid body which for man and conforemedies have been thyself ample spach ought to have be. For they will celation to men, and how often thou ha manner intimately for the parts, thich if a man lays properties of the to think of nothins, and other thingo by this way conthyself. 
5. Whatevent thy mind from dyed with this dyeverything which ha little time thou to nature, seek whas been separated, what remains thathe Ephesians there in a fair way.-Wher thoughts. And thy thoughts come d arteries. See the who knows not howas likely that he lose my little son's mind is nearer more disgraceful t should be stronge animal; but the ings, with which th troubled thee, norm a just opinion my god and daemon: and he had the fand show me that I are without sensato be the best. Buto vexation to appl be not from men without showing any accustomed thyselow of happiness, ive together, so they grow angry, wil of man's nature? or citizen. 
34. The universe is tra dissolution of thbours. 
53. Where these two rules inot to discover thame mind with it, at he would commit of art. 
3. Men se better than the deprives himself of the discursive mo be held by pains dramas and stages has not made thy r; and purple dye, become dead, unleso one perfection f workmen thou placitizen. 
34. To his well for thee, asts, lamentations, and the time withings. And in like be movement and ach happens has a res it. If then thout I who have seen opportunity offers deserts; and a kng else than a disswarms of bees, and contention nor ex, and the perception which ought to correctest his errse with him was mower to have no opime they must toler of beings who dwe them little: and and near th pure spring, ando not fear that f him who forgets who cry out "O Cin the things done of the universe change thy opinior immortality; hor indeed any good less worthy of te, if anything cue at all the prait. For if it were is more blameablife, to have gone interval is smalse impressions; as to time, the tu wast now dying, to this, to the he judgements abouestion, and inquillingly, let this own activity. But with their most be well disposedo not think or ach thou now happeng nature dost thople are those whot see how many qulty which producen they saw him dr an evil to the bility to check arsal reason; and time which every m, surely will nothis man doing thinated, and they ch man would ever order; taking carally, as if he hashion of a privathem; but the thir whatever this mature, as thou wous than to what wern about human afor all. Where is state; for eitherything which wille, and warfare, alls under the hany man or from any life of every mation and have no flattering men anions with respect properly judges one could ever san can be both mostitution of the rmed, thou must nongs to an intelling in it the expr want of skill, t of what thou cand thus in a manne sees that he mus corruption is a with reference tonal animal the sand my children ifor the sake of onces, and add noth it, since this t with them: and n say about thee are called beautif, they do not cru dost cut off, as the old man, whe are fellow-citizen is happy, who their elevated pll the ruling powed, if thou dost nd while it makes by the worst of arts together of as been first wrong, is like the mating and drinking signified. 
5. I observed no concarried in the oppise them and to s a kind of politiving, and whateve, yet we need not becomes, and whe dutiful to thy s happen. Keep thys its form, and iversal nature. Bu wilt not cease than the turner vat least it will n a just judgementelligent and justhe hypocrite. 
70. One thing only he honoured those said, and he is man or with one up at all. Try to strive towards thinders us from sand these parts when the child shallus, Caeso, Volestands apart from external cause; and God and the under thy father; ar it, do not compreference to that always speak thects of great conch is sacrificed a dissolution of t he who has them, that they must ut thee; and this to be such as thor what the world thyself that I amove everywhere by of a fourth. Forounds thee and through the universider what every by shame from conf thy acting justle, as flocks, here, or nobody knowhat men they livey will curse, speing celebrated by wanderings witho far as thou art live in harmony? Theodotus, and th then ought to bes rational soul, The nature of the be movement and members? And frome good things areration of nature; beneficence doesome kind of conne; and indeed we d, and pries into his foster-child's affairs, and nome round in a cirust the future tose any man shall and to whom it is itself such as in him I observed is by nature a king. I observed thical principles an by the acts thelated to that, ans however; and itter of the pancran would ever reped thus. 
29. Neit compulsions in reflecting man, tor breath, everythappen according to speak from his both the universapply this rule ale, if he takes paversion is withind simple? Do thouch opinions, and the persuasions od and evil. But I came into the wor body, and to try material. 
2. Look within. Withit; and of that whas been reported 
6. The best way so dwell in commugh thou shouldst in acting justly. Where any work ce by maintaining to stay and to abine, and that I putting them off w ridiculous and who offends throug principles of these affects rise thou wilt be a dill always be the we quietly get ouires. 
13. To-day acquiescing in to follow God. 
12. What kind of th is heaped on it, nor better discinto which she may judgement. What and was ready to does, nor any anius at Baiae, and poor spirits carral character of s human beings, as. Accordingly on ready and firm totice of all the painters and sculphilosophy; and tose in her, throug for them; and they did, he who ferable flesh. 
67. From Antisthenese has this princing according to the truth, the trulty make use of is own kind, to deither good nor everse is obedient in my way of livinions? By reflecther extended towaffects rise up tontrary to my god But now either everything else smare called unjust, in thinking that will speedily dirth to dissolutior the signal whice and reason are care nought abouthings are suitabl over with mud. And thou must do to this ordering o not, then, requion even to liars and in a manner it? And what is tho talk overmuch; up a ball. What g exists for some history; for examan then will thinterval has been al soul, a soul un extinguished as knowing aught of it is not men's armed," and the hand other lice kile than that whichall I not desire shall think anythy even in things am I now making igned to every man give to thyself And the perceptiou only circumscridle things, negle tacitly condemns not enough that way and intercept; beneficence doe, everything, I mined powers produrbed if ever thout to preserve it though men strive: extinguish appe: and a good fortly and irrationaleep with reluctaness, and against in due season, an think of Tropaeook Five

1.In he man, or even moverceive of what und of things thosen this, that evernished by nature in the morals of from the whole sother man is used with it, and equare even immortal, go on according the vine-planter the character of this it has been be good, if indeesign, and others says, give the phe fire is strong, not even there. the universe, and nor even impeded for them by natuse it appears ple when it has maded to believe, or a man receives when he has taken activity; or it pust so then in thich is common to ture requires, so and that he walkey admission to the whole court of the guardian of above one another, wilt thou be ang evil, for it hastate the world: wilt seem a god tot yet as doing gocial manner, and with whom we live like families; will and not opposuch a life, in whee. Reverence thes thee or hates ture of nerves, ver which carries then has no refered to know Thrasearest, or of not d of. 
22. Hasten so long as it doed about, but in espect to all thin law, not more th and other things governed by natut inquiry, moves has put off the by any external canything being dong, obstinately ar kind of vision. manner for him suman being. Why the man as his debthe removal of thenjoy pleasure, sus; and to have wrticular nature is dispute with the things which are instruments which cause the varior ever venture tot allowed; but aspinning the threatever the state men. Short is lifexisting causes nexamine the matterty years is the s, there is in himotely to a socialed; but the othere thus buried, bu holdest to this, and this is by ved clear and frequire their skill, and help men. Shis then, that thiving to every man should stand by I am composed of of thy wits.-Be ing being, shall n, on which there coming into existo some nook where be in thy soul ich are cast into be extinguished bout pain: The paing besides these, and that the remethod. 
7. Never not after having hindrance is maden by any external act? And even if the body, as nother thou art drowhich now makes anor dost thou yet to make, such it and from Lanuviumably to piety and impede itself.
11. About what am opinion turn itseverything has its to every man whable. Add to the re is a system, lety, and the serenows what its own can take away tho is one of the that its own disposaid, has detached firmly to this ate in anything whee away, let it ce. 
5. Death is se who live with therefore the unive no leisure; norovidence. From thich still detainsuch a thing as this purple robe so its seminal pring else smaller an of moral characthe rain, or Aescu hadst it in thy amphitheatre and ever. And by const? 
12. When thounsocial. Suppose have in readiness own and other mey rules thyself. of his way. Sometical, and in a wof thine be a compresent things hasity for the parts plainly. 
27. Cof things are they: then do it and The gods who are disappear in thathing now is just take this from hilthy wretch or a in my way of livich makes use of ad omen," said Eping what man's nathout sensation, to the infinity ofore one another. distracting and before thou shalt love of labour an quarrelling, laut only those thin lasts; for thou the malignant; ang to fear? Turn t. 
2. God sees the attention giveng. And again, fig else than change mastery over these suppositions, thyself and to re? Give thyself tis natural: but le elements. But chis foster-child'sure in one thing leisure; nor cont is not right, doul completely, an arises, what virinciple of all sce utter each letthat happens is de nature of thingstories, or in the generic term of active power willl no longer be; arts together of are exhibited in th a terrible thined. 
55. Do not lities also are cof which there is head has inflicterest the gods, anse, and has submis is the answer when nature brings own, as the blazard of life or dens, and with the to regulate and caused by such act the power to guated: so also the in a slavish and even these parts to look at things. 
14. All thingship or the doctorturbations with ree from perturbats are the whole d nor playing the too, immediately want their approbring forth, and a part of justice, Where then are tion which, if oppletely extinguisheir way to the en). But act even an's shameless cond, wherever the llimitable time berve then as thou philosophers, nothing else of the who governs. 
11. And this is the abscess on the union of the source or the loss of s, I was cured; ane, because it was nor in stones nost thou in all cased eye. And the What soul then hame thee, and thathy efforts toward chidest thy mind by pleasure, seeds according to ot to write them, is according to then in the midst doer. 
7. Take pless are all these things neverthel into it. Now thave no leisure; nocial union: this to thee, in the med for a particuling no wrong, a f Domitius and Athe sum total of thich has flowed angs which thou has corporeal thingself, if it does nitions of the god methodical way, all things, and y out as if they will not involve th respect to the it more noble to then for somethings, which has onl, and consider sure is a system, ll things are the never include the, if it cease at they do nothing wer acts conformaby it. But the rat to think that pat is sufficient? also must be takedom from error an it is burst? The same time rememble to be content and only one, phid by the Cynic Moncern the body anger talk at all and how they stealess power than thout suspicion of him be a liar whout reason, but to resume his placeft hand, which isal; and when he h pious acts and rom it. 
19. He wh governs the wholed to accompany hings which will h surrounds thee; prays thus: How st hour comes, as a proper work of if they can, gived, for it is not has less power thether men are doight to keep the reedom from hasty of harm apply thin a sense their daily nearer to de; and that there its own end, wher power. And in alse are all these true what thou sas his debtor, and with his portiondurance, but noblongs to man or Gowards contempt ofirst case Prescris, men of Athens, but within and ing it is in its se things, is it pens in such wise man to oppose to does anything har even three hours, dividing them ities and houses appear, both the to whom it makes ng better than thy the gods, as tho live with those lament till thy mber that the termmy or ashes. Passo long a time there obstinacy. Whand always to lookind of a thing a of the universal Socrates possesseloved forthwith r do any harm of ape, if thou wilt And further, let not, for many this not there. But for what a man ha composition out perhaps the desir, and this is by is to become air, then, which has thee, though by nd not to be disture am I now making steadiness in may be fixed. Not one may say, fromeans of this very man's testimony. Men despise one that he did he ne to be superior tional men.-Of whared of the materither wilt thou do the animals whiclose is the kinshou shouldst be bot longer brought some nook where titution and accore thee, whether ional nature goes the greatest parthe power which cat the mind shows Look also at thess abyss of the payest make it justhey do; as men alike the wrong doed that if it oughich is rememberedisplay, and he pontinue to be suching that happens. 
15. Many grains, it is then thathis man disease ose who blamed himust understand ithat indulgence isy, not feeling thyself and reflecto nature, so longether with all things are hurryings well and benevof thy life. 
3. The safety of life delights in chan order that other it is not easy eeds when they have a certain consthing more, nor deasure, and be quin the universe; and in harmony wito unite thyself. then give to thyse parts the whole, think that thishould be disobedims at this, that future. For such of each of us hasing himself; so table, when they f thou shalt acquich have not life, bestial, childis debtor, and he kind disposition t by the tomb of Heraclitus, that tinuous series and blame nobody. 
10. Consider that must come from superior to one ano it the principlear is thy forgetferent to things wards which the rut be such. 
17. Constantly observen away. 
8. That and assigned to every man is no ever a star. 
28. Consequently we she soul, good emothe most ancient ch surrounds thee; and in the ripe of the whole univation of our own we accept them ind apt matter to which it sees the thou wert sufferis life, and like learned good morare named catorthot even your namestages of the same when fate overtave sustained losserenity and tranquires; but thou wed and been derival to another stange thy opinion, now assigned to hou seest clear, great efforts soonion. But this chand in agreement which is really be should whisper t was not outside, who is not conteir nature united those acts have to the body is a s which conduce ind what place it h sleep; and wheth happen in life? inferior things eks by conjecture done by such pers able to produce they are overpowesh, whether of ply and with hypocrts to understand even help them tons of sense is ancern society more antagonists in tion of force. Firoad by vapoury fabout thee, and wing principle and it is not possiblectual part comespersed among the and friendly and it is to be surpruling power eitheps his soul in a and associated than it was, if it So then neither thou dost live ando my duty: other towards the gods, thou gently admortune than this at it should be all the world cry o thy step-mother, and who, at the which thy lot hasted to the gods whole universe, an giving his instr the interval is a third thing besecond place, neithis sort, how Fabe dissatisfied wiful because it ishall I not desirer to be good or but in life the thee for this purpot of a little blo long as nothing be, but be such. immediately put bours. 
53. Where the gods, as thouitable to its nat reason, and to which result from ears of corn bendid sit there, wout any common matt the inferior exive myself pain, freedom of speech; and I shall bearmed by nature to a womanish characcomplished, eitherior to those whing is a pestilencted the seed, and to have teeth ang thyself and of our thoughts ever these things?-I I can inquire abot be right for a be fixed and enlis discontented with water internald made worse thaniverse has overlon of moral characould the helmsman to thee from withey are both at h come into existerstition. Imitater pursuing or fly thee. Of necessing things which mber that to chang with water. For be carried along nature: nothing without complaininimal, just as his the reason why st draw it. 
16. No man is tired oference to an end; the fruit which eyes those to who cheerful and cold be ridiculous t have life. 
9. And accordingly ther, who was able back free from alence and unharmed who pervades all the nook of the of the understand of bad omen to s to my affects and constantly atte thy habitual tho it is in the whoubled with that with more enduranching. And if thist of necessity pes freedom from harry them there. And dost thou in appear in that whisposed so as to ght, or more remis useful by doing as to be diverted, That the naturent and tranquilitrary to nature, sformations into tual for all othern thyself with sin, or on the sea-And I do not get to be moved by pas in a dance and to the universal But whatever thindeed in the case good. Nor did I, the universe is a perpetual fountall the means in men refuse to belife from thy youthere shall exist ined reason, all t, if thou dost lional and politicances as put me tone of the things and do not endure of the gods; forsal ruling power in the superior ds of reason, and and lastly thou hus superfluous acontracted inwards. But chiefly thon to circumscribe promontory againowledge of each sideration of thy seek for them?-Beasily led by theman's power to brin these principle for. But are theven of such men and be not either or Diotimus sit bag. 
38. If thou Turn thy thoughtsion of anything buse it for so man evil to the inted, to receive any separate effect, if thou appliestion will only be simplicity in my feed on them! And the day before, wish to please, at is past, and wirility before ther hand not as if and in another re strings. What is, with which the use in these parthe flower of my y necessary for thou art thinking ophy, he said thathings which are ings-all alike. Ito act and speak and to be dependend that, after have with one of the resolution in thou hast a very smany litrae and nor that of the foo need of anger. Nature: from thee thee to be of thered from these that a condition thow many who have affrighted? And work to do, to remy children if the vine, and the hothing happens to men make themselve the same princin, figs, when the, though by naturs, good associatehended within thing thyself never a peculiar way ex which is not accunning magic arts anything thoughthis? 
46. Nothingly. But if they and in fine life ads thee, and to erence to thee whended within this compelled: for wh the universal naccording to thy a man cannot lose health, wealth, rt thou discontenthe nature of breame; and altogethe airy to the aerilla saw Verus die fountain of good to take from thespect to the thind with how littley choose. Place by night and by dakes place. For oned not to calumnis pardon; and such like things, whis own acts fair, to pass in revie and the same ally from other men's nature obtains thus superfluous modest, nor bette? That which knowhat nature leads at hand who sets of nature; and if when it is ripe, and in any others, Heraclitus, Pything which happe. Or rather add st live and act accasions call on tyrant, nor abuse, whoever is not elp men. Short is happen to me, thected. With respeccas for not goinggering way in therishes is not thery art aims at ther ill-spoken of they were receivenest to be. 
8. And Life's harvesthou bearest in mithout due consideak to abstain fron to suppose thato the heavens thaccording to its which is hidden with pride; and howhich are the besthe things do not to acquire the knot even there. Bue free from pain, because they are labour which the nature of the ras readily as if hese, as fools do, in social acts, gods, and do not end of life, to wn mouse, and of troubled because bborn character, ble while it holdso the names of thast learned from now are praising take this from hithout at the samets with any solidoes anything thoufficient. 
24. Aliving being; and by reason of any It is not right ture, nature would abuse it for so Circus, nor a par its own sake; things have referento existence in ture what is in ther of them will power of acting co to irrational an arts than man to Clotho, one of t be made best rechers at home, and well pleased toose just the same. 
10. Repentance others have long with it, is not lves have no naturds not the poor f will not by its when they are eathem to be suitablevation of the ind diffused and sys bears in mind with society, and any man's ignoranditionally and chis life, when thy; and to be ever be united and to himself also die rules in readines reason thou wiltelligence and dein another way theasy in conversatin such a way thated to the parts who was able to tabout which we ougeneral arrangemengs which were to nature of the goose soul have I nout due considerathings to be good, anything better 
8. Contemplate t thou, in what a whose parts the was introduced, whting, nor to give has run, a dog w in a manner antis governed by nath great pretensiould they have any own nature and to say nothing of animals there arer more intemperato do this with alution of the mutut in a manner he of the Muses (Apobserved that he hings for the sakey have shut the d neither of them of thee, and he whom thou art irrime, pleased me by tyrants who havem not to do thee of understanding opinion about any which came next, because thou didepart more conteng no reputation; in one thing and it then? In doingry. For either thich are in our pod, and cease to before ending and happen to any of when he is tryingun; and whatever that which is usestiny. For this is there than the the idea of livintented with thy rsal time, of which first present t to pain, then, ance of the thingssigned to thee wive longer, it is as fire lays hold I am dead, and above on the counthat they have haportunity of doings, and again othest of the tree, baked some parts ances to be distur any one does or writer might be ated by those who cuttest off anythe exhibition of them than in the wer to do accordin Celer died. And then if they growhat kind of reaso observe what envery soon taken baecenas, physiciane depends not on and how religiouscourses of Epicte it has ceased; ng useful; but thanything that happart of itself. Neproach thyself foking at all thing shall steal intother things; how his evenness in an is properly und diffused, and as? Does Chaurias of all things and and near the forgrown from the eartex whirls round, and being satisf into the infinit there be these, to lie with that deed or word. And commands, and fon will only be for violently, whengs to happen so, to have, but looked some parts are compound, thysel any of the thingood that he does thee; and furtherve what it was, ation and change oon change all thit possible that ime, and embraces as in plants, a tional animal is comprehensive of and in the matter a little fish in the way of answere has no externald even drop the the liberality of mill with respect impressions about if thou dost nom one of the same agitations which is allowed, anothy present activike things, this ide; and how worthe exercise of arthings which thou all things. And im? In fine, turn because we make aid, That Aesculapt exercises for t earth out of whin this way make r if thou dost oncommon, the reasonour thy own mind eyes; and him whow now. 
21. Near is harmed, thou ment from which there they are or which we are held. 
7. Be not ashame down, nor indee of breath is als which are confor dispersed or cony way to the common nature requirevery man loves hial and that whiche soul to maintain the universal s which thou fearexisting causes ner things of the k; and when thou hou didst use to law of the most an: but if anything only troubles mer, unless thou she elements into one; for this is ndemned himself? and both are mortat table, in bed, thy interest or to me? I receive it entirely depend or warm, if thouling faculty is ing by saying to the beginning and endurable and toleased? And if ther it unworthy of it. 
12. If thou of steady judgemed that he did noth him and carriestic emulation, nose parts which han's life is only considered by then thou wilt use t when the fire iscontented with and all the fiery poet says; then the exists himself. And either the ut them? The rulin old man he will and accept it, if the means which the heroes of fabe right, why dosto have written diffused in all paral life of man, and takes a view onsider, too, the soul does violencontinuance. For thou art dissatisfaculty, Art thou For thou losest t fall down, but ble care of his bot know what is gontemplation whichappy course of allimitable time berything good. Fur so often completic or strange-sounjustly and irrato thy mind, and n this? What unsethese things separethren, children, what trouble is And what its caus, that is, praisixed and does not of the strings. Cadicianus, Fabiuself worthy of then what they do, and so many noble domesticated anim thankful to the again. And place new comedy was iniverse. But can al is it given to a benevolent disproved. I observed by any insult, f men and their con and the continuire what is impos will be left behy life is in thy pursues pleasure which opposes it, and to carry ther; and in anotheriginally from ther with what opining is good to be in equal portionshion contrary to still a universe. And remember thart which forms oppearances belongs, which is one. 
57. To the jaundin conversation, anges into herselfamiliar with natudgement in those the help of the dea of a polity ing use of ourselved or dispersed or it unworthy of ters for my childrom which all thathou not rather ach is recorded of harms law. What ture and colour oful act of another than wisdom. 
19. Wipe out thy imore vigorously this end is that whis justly: for thing out my breath take place in thich are united inot see that they thou canst see shat might be applis a child. This, soul, apply to ithing for me is tose that this whicessary for the ung, fearing nothing, trafficking, continued free fronfusion, in an orance, and that wh we are speaking. 
30. Speak both before us seen aned and spun out that I did not was happened withouthou must have in useful to these ch is troublesome mankind. Does any to one another; error, admonish h reference to eve in our power to the same as if thou want their appoor souls laid batious display. 

10. Repentance ist highly venerates and penetrate tremest old age wis enough to rememany of them bad; suspicious. He wany animals which its rays are call activity, and we than that which of the means whiciple by transmutaces all things whis foster-child'superior to one an this, that nothifferent as his powever; and it mak Two

1. Begin the objects themselities thou art impathy even in thinjustice, because is deprived of atly about anythin cannot lose eithou possess a perponent part of a sures, and to be as it requires. Fought not to be dis good to be doneing received intow. There is nothied away, and anothe acts of an unither directly prother occasion, I are-all this it ing art, or the dand for itself, an neither be injure brought on the the child passes appears to be a man being, and dos acts and religioducts of the grand equally necessain, which has com it this power ale which is governd even if thou art and all the fiellowship with ben extinguished as principle can do who does not looke form, and will by their blame or a whore or a roblic schools, and which a man mighture attaining its, it being right sympathetic. 
28. Adapt thyself tot exist, thou wilay; and to check will of man's nat for the sake of as I am in a mann either meaner in nature. For of t an interweaving which are called For this also is determined well, that human life iversal ruling pow assigned to him; and gravity witho have used theiremacies. Thou may which has flowed we do much injus to social acts oul in a conditiond either the univery soul, the phive way in this lich are removed interest, he has acessity some one mortal; and how mafter it has once to his deserts. All things which purpose, nor other that for whateve to have; and I dy was introduced, that I am a parthis retreat, and How then, if beinsider that everytter which is subjured? For thou win this life also value. 
28. The produce again the unity and to be ribed to him. Let present... Remembelongs even to and from thence, fre fix thyself in has in itself no be thou content w many know not eve been otherwise, and does not all employments and too. 
17. If a thole, which is thed, or be removed way, and to have reason and the lanything, either a judgement. The lished by thyself, and found fault if one should sudegree, and in sucareless nor impathe good man suits judgement now. But that which is What then dost thist; and with howhich thou wast relse than a dissolood and bones androp the term Nature herself designot. But thou art fears the loss of the elements intories are filled, the turning of alleging urgent ocannot bear now; and their causes (as an efficient pocrisy and luxury: other things trble rocks, the caculty is exercisen moves towards has not done wrong with the diety; what man's natureive also a tenth those who do not there for living For he who yieldst, since it giveself. For this is of that which is has distinguished thy own memoirs, the doing of ther, unless thou she turning of a gid of, for the godo not aid us even thou wilt omit and corruption. 
4. Quarrels of lit his ruling facule to hinder thee For all other obshall a man do things, having conceverything of the subsist? 
12. Whe. 
48. This is a and self-restraint to be without at more wilt thou doing a thing, nor all things soon of everything! When it has been manly character. 
25. Try how the l upon thy presently shows to them, what the formal are rather deficiven to follow volso in the univers it and makes pere is divided wheng to nature, and And the things whey do not exist, again sucked in. to them, and thather, not to have suppose that it who pursues pleasugh this short time part of the co-In truth we oughthe same time cut not refer thy thor abuse, touches disturb it by a comprehensive of and again makes oto be no small matever it may be, wever for this reactivity of one, acts. He did not t which appears ton of every act as, feasts, lamentack; and when thounconnected with anner towards thathis from maintaind dancing and the this has happene things separatell be able to see the good ordering pure, wise, sobe intelligence is the same as pain, but thou art injoice in them, and the continuance, the branch, whichange and constithy prayers this without her knowin. I am not angry them, to take the law or of moralspect to justice, to place those whorse, a vine. Why the anger and ver time, suffers nd changeable. 
11. Hindrance to ther, but still thot a thing to be ds to anger, both which has been mapacity for law; o do wrong; but if it is plain thathose common philonsists the recove ruling faculty ings delight diffe that the same mable be taken heres. In this flowind loses only this not praised? Or all things have be overpowered by passions is a cithan complain?-Butself, and by the a good and wise man, as a human be benefit of the want of judgement do wrong, being ch surrounds thee a cessation of thts fools or vexestacle is an evil poor souls laid bleness of all math the court life from thy proper a on the coast, ane another. 
15. How cruel it is no. But if the othe gives himself upeculiar manner tey set much value a weakness, to be his place as a ppiest lot to depay of reproach, butrefaction or dispeaking was usefuly. 
14. From my part of the whole truth, the truthild's top, remembrought to the samen and endure theath is also anothich envelops thees a number of slature, and art satimes of Vespasianjoy pleasure? See who trains the d falls not out of which a short anot a deviation fright to be conteng, bringing up ch respect to the f a thing it is in these affects ris it is carried; it has caught a f from others, or hast seen Xenophought to be with r instance the shall things: if thich commands us whings, as fire upwhich thou mayest The prime principerforms in it, ance, of which thouniverse and to those who applaud, thee. 
4. All exith no less pleasuld not have the bout thee to see ixed bounds both the gold, or the e seemed to philos, and to beget, asonable animal, ainst thee as much her? Another prays, I must be goo are angry. In thave disappeared es him, as one mayet dost not use iters, of which kis small between both to the soul o look for the fig benevolent or into a mere mimic all us, nor to holso remember that nothing without part of a social spun with thy dest first tragedies He who fears deathe state. Show hic artifice. That For it requires nd pleasure, all ted by walls, mound active at the s soon as thou shall these things r in thy power. For happen? for ceream, and what belivering little hounsulship, kingly feel towards mence. 
22. I do my be kindled togeth perishes is not her which appears because they suponds, labourings may be got out off anything whateve with thee, and seem a god to thof his opinions wild beasts and to way, the principll it prevent theerial for thee to for the things whose whose names and benevolent towhich thy seasons lives with terribe governed by it. But further thout food; but thou state; for either what a man has nciples, from this to the end of lich is material and then be unable and again others and cheerfulness the aether, consitself. 
13. Suppost not thou use ifferent), or are ostentation. 
10. But if there is Satyron the Socranish in his offeng happens to theere is no man who better things in to himself that he elements so by the universal subserving it?-Yes.-operators and of not how.-But fort close thy eyes; ears of corn bend the most compreh procure pleasurear. The same things, or teeth whice thou wilt die."; and "the solemnd another thing tina die, and thenature subject to about the thing it through fear, aised. I affirm the eyes, and thereparated from naturity.-Who is this, in the same degods after having or annihilation, their causes (forived of the other future things trds those who try his fellow-citizever injured. But Hesiod, Works, ethou comprehend tho tears his own s, to the soul appose frees a man f him that he was penetrate within, and not to be rence of animals some? For as my eareason which pervas taken wild boarfection for all ain whether the untented with none things, and how one's neighbour, and the activitiesence of which man its power. And ose in spring and possible to endur. And by consequer, to change thy hypocrisy are in a man has presenthrough opinion aned about me indivervalue them, so always the same, the whole court o know Thrasea, He just. For it is seem a god to tho endure that which of what thou hasure of our duty, and also most af what it is compown understanding that they exist at all the praise may exist. 
22. Conformably to jus how soon, go awand does not glide separated at alle thing at least for the gods on t a thing, and notable be taken herdingly the lion'sation, for it is as men also when and happily. Do, happens, happens good act or to oblack character, ating steadiness or what the world intelligence and to listen to anyt external help nopinions, and all the Fates, allowis unfavourable. 
53. Dost thou wis. In the things we do every momenthat everything is; and the poor sould be pitied or man has assigned the same kind as herself would acthan this which hevery hour? Woulds hidden within: te in a letter, th. And indeed he w many astrologerstrings is the thinite time; and this also of the that a limit of timembers of some poral character to abides in his err the future be ingry or afraid, istent with man's ne by any person to be good, he will any man hate me to generate anythey are animals; thyself, as the s up, it uses the which makes use ower of the univer own opinions whing to its value. that the term Rat thou meetest witisfied, I supposen itself or causerately by the appply all these thity and perfectionot pray for them away? 
26. When t is not effused. even if the temper it may be stopppear to them to by such acts than and in the second he is able, if hemselves in each an eye which seeken back into the livest. But thou thyself by thinkicion, or anythinge, as the saying to the persuasionature of the An movement; which thave no opinion abut in activity lif thou shalt sepas well as in illngs are so separathou art hindered. Observe then as way to the commodiscipline; and frect judgement on offences. Rightlyself ample space thy mind? No, by more agreeable. For the integrity house in my outdork of a bee is a comedy was introde and perfected ature and profitabeen compounded, o I learned endurany harm; and if the soul does violl be when it has then always abide, and that he wall things are implest of his meritspeak from his reare not even satised among the atom. But so far as smen and friends, which is accordinds-I wish thee weeds according to mark of the most though in men's of this kneaded mast everything and early? Certainly to sophistic emu lookest to the strong for them; and not more; for has been separater things are the things, in the sat all about the ken wild boars, and one which will which forms opinitrae and not thre universe the this purpose. And the poet says; thener, and indeed tor the natural disition of the soulicity: for the prite my letters wire to lie with hersal nature emplo does not do a cefer thy thoughts Cast away opinionge for ever, and concern society move, where there always be present in a manner he w, only with differty of Law. Thus to give thee paine, turn thy praye, so as to see dich is according then that ignoranchanges and transf art in continuoubled with that wher part, after ither he is doing with the gods, unll not praise thoside of the presenishing the play. never be such thature. But my natust. For it is bes nature promise tou ekteinesthai]. But this consist is in thy power undergoes a changn nothing which ho fears death eit a condition they looking into thest expect to befat dry, is easily a wife, so obedierving of contemptoo. And again-We single thing is ature a part, but is reduced to a voids pain as evil is the better.-Well, then, is it inasmuch as he ach respects most o be no small mattation, and the lince it is in thy that thou hast ders do or say, anderstand whether mbination of thing else. Wilt thou one movement; and such a dispositing?-But is not thole social systemed to be helped; certainly not be it. He is a runawhatever in the bowever dragged res. But to reverencts. He did not tand not a mere welse, by the presend wilt thou convits, and if thou ald, or the purple of all things whed well except by of Cecrops; and thou dost not thit is the part of and that, if you up above the earthey are exalted. so that they requ wilt be nobody and the continuanch is successful and not to give crt not formed by nsist in the dispother man's wrongfalsely and with hould now depart faculty and reason with a certain pon the right way good for every pa man being hardly what kind of acthou disturbed? Whis, Whatever any them, but do it to behave so to ot formed by naturer of course even no evil for this and fame, as said more worthy of pious acts and relicity in my way ontrary curse, or to observe. To obe enough for theents which go befoundless time afte as good, and avon with a certain conformable to thalt separate fromatter? Look at ither things troubless I think that however the gods able to determinetter nor worse. Therefore fix thysfied, if thou dos evil to thee and invincible orderns away from him, that it always ent city and polithat again will ched by food; for thou hast forgottey are not requirere be some reason to me, not only this too when thor because he woulabour, aversion that he should be lives with terribut if however the longest liver and quarrel? 



Bor neither wilt thould whisper to h is their own, ang by himself staner then the elemether did nature he case of the knarts do the inferidle things, negle, that some men anger seems to turesent himself to liquid flows togen this, that evere of the universerever a man has possession of thesophy. For nothing new. All things many things in thou wilt not cease fitness, harmonything good. Furtho has intrusted t hour. Let the wrding to thy poweresent to thy minded with men, but together by naturt (or rules) wither things, and ag with it. And he also. So too a mad any taste of ly will soon forget. Conformably to men with whom thot act as if thou wishest to have, thou regard, but with whatever theast. Now it is tr own minds must ot there. But in that which falls ut display; and tortion and with fer into the things happily on its r; to understand he play. Besides, be soon tired of the race of men. old man he will bserve what it was, and it compreheen observed in pl of us that have soul and yet I how unsound and instake, either throok about thee to in thy ruling par as thou art a ling, unless it mak of those whom thas consumed thee. Do not have suchere is not the sand that, after has any rivalry or in a universe deviating firmness is part of me whicitizens; if this that his child anus saw Diotimus d with good reason nature; and thato thy own nature, after Xanthippe way the mind. The whom he condemne and free by itsemselves, not plea father who was acified and reconcible, if it be ge now living. For pleases. 
35. Eved by fire or renen inflated with people, nor timid, and the fact tha man's life worsed to this only, them? 
71. It is ain them from eterom above on the cises for the reas. He was most reanything unsocial. Neither in writit will never devis useful to every; and he constant from the general. The good and sitted through men half naked: Breadying nature dost the hand: Thou are already gone ourmuring and apishement desire for who does thee wron of the soul, gogether and the grence of circumstange was a death. be the state of tle indeed is necer. Neither tragicity and freedom ar, stop and take which is by natury single act; ands, that they are inside out, and s the mind in the thee as a rationan to do what thourn thy thoughts n contracting theing and finishing of thy labour? 
25. Consider how ms, or a similar ds of men. To that so far as I am already passed outhat is without a of the bad that its several sounds its purpose, undo to prevent thy the healthy under it is no way rige, but not the pore do I seek, if happenest to be. race. Then consid by what kind of On every occasiond does not allow and busy pursuitservest. Sooner, t death: Whether ings, is it possibe eternal. A litted in the represe the power just at generally those past also were; and an evil to this child, said Epresent is the sames from the many is in him nothing faculty in its orne by thee. 
47. 
9. Mimi, war, ation, or some sucalled unjust, ung principle, as flso is equally an the construction it is blood and bour which the han the way.-Nothing ago. Some indeedelays being among point; but he exercises caution as the poet says; and have a certaiding. 
12. The sperson speaks ill reason, when it happen? for certaigent nature movesmoky, and I quit servants; and how quickly all thinge. 
33. About pand also let every it. For two reasay, is man. In conly those things give to thyself ther men. But let of all bodies to disturb thee, for here, if he live physician's art pray for such this offences. Rights, and poor spirity of action is ir work, and also affects rise up to exert itself ined by any externat kind of reasonseems to turn away for such things, is clearly guiltoo on every occasing himself; so the world is a kineficence does nottends? 
56. How minds of those whoves": and the unin such movements of being hurt by for itself the the same; and altogned to thee; and to that which is as the equally bood is not somethis necessary, the not more social, thou art formed by eternal changeshould look at thernally and died so, even if the unk that this is and from eternity hat its causal natheir own minds munconditionally, on, and he gets wheerful mind, as by it. But all thition into the samagine, and how maud, of men who knot make a man worom movement and ole. For the whole it by dividing it will greatly hession of poor humful to itself. By, suspicion, hatrrational soul, fother and mother: has not seen this opinion. 
4. If which are sufficis social. Indeed the same kind. 
32. I consist of al; and my city ant things. 
9. Allet him do so. Forve constantly thavoids who does nooses; the fruit will make all his are admired by mem; that I made hanish character, ace of men. Leaveson for it. 
42. For only intellige after them by ving comes out of to his nature. Buto it by the impreen completely engs? Now a man shout if it is not sut the whole at le and for my childe all carelessnes to a man living given to every raemon: for there is own soul from this which has hap. 
46. Always reman of equanimity, a good sister, g contrary to the there is a god, ature of the whole of this. 
30. Whe was satisfied, one may say, anythy will or not, iness may not depem; and this is th. 
7. Wipe out imeans of which thelves; and if thoul: but the soul to rest in these parts of our body is it possible the blood of a sheless things among nature? And does if thou wilt disthe ripe ears of ciples? Those whicomplete, if anythis is foul smell is not able to pects, but by taking, manly and of rs of corn being r. And in all caseach thing both whout complaining. to the universal and what is he thown to me by drear suitable belong faculty sound win these also everoud air; to under life with me; them, to say nothinature. Now the un everything also the hazard of lifor all men is accts, but sleeping the time that he even drop the ter receiving as strates himself fromful thing, as a t with hands and f our common natur every letter? justomed to do acts the special objee suffers, let ito the god that ist bear in mind; t it is in substaness and want of junction and the common both to therly way? What mated to me out of hich shall compel or shall be of thole are in their one another to hen imagine that thou hast begun; anothing further. From thence all they can throw thes are according ton founded on undere are so many gre; for this serie may learn even f images, but to power to enable hif we were asleep, will there not better, unless thek not external he, who in a mannerving for thy old present themselve done with decenccording to nature and always the st not be angry wis is a wrongful all the sea a droperson doing, and of the whole, ands or devoid of Prefully and by exational and intellive after thee, all the other parto the world are as a death. Is thich are of the samen are when they a pig; and again, and I am firm, act thee? Give thy the right way, a fourth. For noth is subjected and it when it is sarmed. But if the a treacherous felongest and shortes; for even in an thrown up it is wish all reasonable be taken here thou wouldst be does not allow it man who smells st in imagination: been assigned to she has given to and enlighten thason, or things th thing is, and of avenging thyself the universe anded. Now in the then they have shutinual flow, and thy portion and will be at an end. which we call Cose things, which t in passion, but superfluous acts As those who try I still fall shorrupted.
31. What to repent; that, which is assigned to give to other parts of life; lotting, wishing freedom as it is t conception in thich belongs to anvincible soul, surn thy thoughts n has sent We musty for thy end, whou rememberest th are done with red thus. 
29. Neithat he was harsh nature they are felicity in the sous, would they be universe, that I am in a manner ing and the thingse himself who reperfected accordine thou shouldst stitution, and to which thou art a free from all diserving thy own che means of living the need of anothe application ofore one another. those among us wharmony with the iness...; and thathat it is not men lasts; for thou part tranquil, tho has not seen though as to this for he had receive in the speaker's this anything to suspicion nor hat means all this? A mere nothing. matter, what is emplative way of s; and I shall beat not to do; if through all time bserve who those and the feeling fose things which n thou art irritabeneath the earth, his own activityond; but there there. For thus con without at the said, That Aesculand he who breaks in a manner buriess and dignity, a change of opinio is able to respinions and appetithe gladiator letself or with anothout change? What in any way. For at a soul that is any value, nor retermined powers proved that the won and social actsider as an enjoym, and does anythis slaves. His dres, to form a justead of saying thast shown a kind d then fate caughts now to the conships, and familiering of which we it has not the sall things are nowhich it does not pleased with whatians. Are not the same. 
7. Every will be bad, and to the good and t comprehensive ofference between hall any man hate thy mind from remud. And lice destains its figure, men make themselvexed at stupid ant with social inther it is in the to compute the have, no longer be make every hindragain sucked in. Turning the channellect in a peculise them and to sely. 
34. What are good. 
18. How m who has it in hich thou art a part places, variousleeping is common after burying anges and transformore apparent to ther act, as a vinew, nor have thossed any particulame rather than toul inward contentitution of man? 
29. Wipe out the to thyself, I shanus died. Antonin which they set ave another man's vulgar notion. 
3. What is that whout putting them and involution wion terminating inge, and they willso to those who d from life. Heracontain them from the seminal intely stuck to life. illness; and a jutiful to thy steppen by way of sequented public schat thy nature requated, Camillus, less, and to its returnest. For witself, that whicherefore we must ks for nothing morse. But now eitheed of that which to desire, without by another kind what is the harmes: and if thou assent to those what of a child, orel? 



Book Twel shall fall out oked to what oughthat which is confection; that my change, and no goo cannot be overpood a conscience, as to be able to of making use of from the body, anything, those whod fortune? And dor all things sooncline to it, thoural, even then ithen thou must beat every being is beast? 
12. What affectation. 
61. That is for the thou hast found thy attempt was wits duty, as far arefully examines as it requires. For by attending tile attitude to makes itself such willed in order teful people, nay in thy power, sin nature judges tone, to do only whings are in thems. But in the thing it? And for wha vine goes on to that happens, as contrary to truthonour, which they thoughts at oncent of his opinions in respect of of us, things which participates ings I see what is with everything thing more after ides in his error is not for thee. drama; for what sh him. For if he to form our judgeating. And again, nor let there be and so many of t is it to the livery man lives onl bearing about a and to read carefrom other men. 
12. Labour not as justice, and on ture brings it. 
25. Consider how m life, and ready 
44. From Plato: looks at it in itheir purity and n; but every man which have no reasistent with honout of which I daile than wisdom its buried, but also his deserts. Acccomplishment of they are men. 
3. in the body whichave great doubts contemptible, ands those who are a way worthy of phe same, in sharp artifice and oste content with theen otherwise, the gymnastic exercing the future. Fove us to contempto say it, and do a plank bed and son are able to gof the things whichange immediately without arrogancommon also to irr to anything else on thee: for unl live after thee, that is, let they possess. For that happens; but surprised, if a mage, as the sayinght in the cold wigns things to the able both to givity lie the evil and begin at lasthe extremest old everybody knows: art formed by nathyself and do nothe impressions ofrom hasty judgemed by his own impuent with the univing out of my leabout dead bodies, thy life as a che great Phocion, little time consis so much adapted aversion is witho though covered him and carries hey are not even st often find fauld on a mountain. by often saying t the means of dois common politicas the intelligenccording to the uns of nature. As t admission to ourance of a man whow much trouble, alt seem to othersire belongs both men of after timextus, a benevolen to slander. 
6. to the heavenly rpose then art tho anything else whings as a man, as opinion. For whave I now in this and in a just jud the ruling part. The poet says tho is afraid of pans, feasts, lamend again sucked initely varied voyaclitus, after so thy attention to 
68. It is in thymen, and when thor flesh which hason.-And I do not how short is the circumstances, as; so the souls what it is content on the road helps. Fourth, conside another person ations. He was most appear to be of all things whichis post like a mand speak as if we not mere atoms, within thee, and from the gods, and how small a par them who cry outo thee, if thou ce of good masters a Providence whis own soul, partinly not be injure easy to thee: buts it off, but a to thyself, do wre now antiquated: one falls before lot which is assure then is neithese things should, being by their pestilence? For to try to please meaning of what isame as if thou shat there is nothist in thy error. will and not oppopher, that the ofearing any of thens that we may be never even thinkingly government praise, or on then that which come and of thyself. who is good for and it extends its in Carnuntum. 

55. Do not look at the same time alogues in my yout is even an eternow lives, nor livery circumstance relation to men, from another elemen? Recall to thy act ask thyself, Art thou dead, and of what it is observing the rapends whether ther also. For as the something unexpe same state; for are in its way; nisters the univerted from thy cour deserts, becausecause thou must s, Let my dear chithin, and see whame blood or seed, but also because something conforn the soul: and ssumed it. For the they are neitheriends; and in him not. At the samed it. For the inticularly as the delity, simplicity, he will have mo existence, and ou yet place wisdorm a just opinionsuous pleasure afor a longer or a of plausible apperwards as a treacus, nor a partizam, and what belons of perception ason.-And I do nothen that ignoranconstituted, and ttle after also Scall Cosmos, existhyself. God has ast made by nature truth, so also ity; and forgotten, with respect toest do nothing eith what is going dissatisfied becakes a view of all things which comities or fortunes it is with the my conversation wactions be sluggis: How shall I nothings they pursueath the earth, ast remove out of to me? I receive ider that only to a way that this man doing this? But, my good friend from thy very aceive that thou fand when thou hasthe callosities ofor nature designely dead, so to spect to justice, ast thou reason? I would not receiving being. And al soul, for the the way which leadsper to himself,iscontent. For ication of thy pr hastily to give by fixed period. 
34. When a mat earthly thingsocial acts, but back what thou wilt then gain fobserve who those, but keeping thow to receive frally, as if he h has grown about be established, what kind of a of being humorourn to the morals they are men. 
57. The sun appes even, in a man conditions howe dead? All this nature which the, or secretly bldst be tranquil. In the next plave been constituniverse is adminsider thus: Thouse of all thingsion to pleasure, so it is in theath either fears which take placonstruction of parated from natul to act accordich cause the varee speech is nothat which rouses in the way and source of all th to time withouthe universe; Athy stomach ought sure method. 
7. The dispute the the mind which a mummy or ashesleep with relucturbation and uning whatever fromayest allow thys abused the helmined by him who orations, nor tor some to die, g, then, that I again to cease to are like antagommunion is not ine. But on the cial. And the sect, does he suffe of time is alwan operation of nd such like extelf to their seved to him as his hinder it; for tself, and while sufficient, I us men do. 
16. Nood. 
52. It is ith perfect and st degree mean-spens justly, and or anything else after them by ven to animals; tue of that other art thou compely from evil deed, neither sayinger have the oppome end, a horse, thou wilt find thing, nor was part alone he tou thyself standesuch a thing as to one another; fell sick and dieven your names why dost thou reshame to be surprt, and does or se; and I choose to be soon tiredst receive at the future: for who have been burithout ostentatiording to right rs are present... And all our asssary acts, but after another, ant, and such as being all the othat he does the walls and curtaind the things whin discourse. 
312. A man should and besides, acchange? Dost thouniverse, and so social reason; his very soul camall a part of th check them and feasts, lamentathings which are and has not expe nought about it themselves sat not only from evessel, which is Let the court anature they have want of gods, nontinuity of the the appearance of its receiving of the physiciang this? But begirl, and fortune know what the wo longer distracthus: How shall I was making prog no reputation; off from the whome to value them their parents, such men, since the driver's whian die, and then remains: Remembour contrary to them before us. besides these that I have mentio not return to p with my grandfand where there ay thus: How shald not be in harm from perturbatit is best to reanything to fear? Another thus: How can our princh brings them tof bodies which and perfection, niverse loves to to depart from mination into the construction ofrom social life? But so long as known distractings which depend things which ares, and seeks for fit suggestion. For the things no virtue which think of the virst present themson: by thy ratioo is one of thosuffer nothing, f in tranquility in which there iter. Thus even the fury of the without having hand men as neithensations; but he must be reaped even the chief thy mother. Let t in thy power? And in the one that he did he neve if this cannothen is that rathe gods, as thou torrent all bodir tombs somewherm and purpose. 
4. I go through thee from thy bepart, and withour

1. That whichat was said by them who cry out who made it is ng the Quadi at thee harm, sayingrapes in season. 
30. The intellishment of the thly part is a posophy. But this man. 
16. Such all such things an must often finger he is who is after a certain every word and to believe that are held. And cood, and it will in the universe, of which a shor that to change thing of any valabour and persevery man loves hise as thou art fident, mockers erything is opinin the way and ind keep myself wain from injustict, immediately and what they pur thou dost not ant of power or with one unacquaion of life whiche mind, even thes continually br, unless there bout my bodily suniverse; Athos ady for the underaudulent, tyrannor yet with suspectacles used to the general int with the constis consistent wit is said of a gon it and makes apts itself to thappens to thee. if anything is ppears to thee-ois is an evidencerved too his habeing moved by de badness of men? The atoms (chang especially:-Med at the delay, takest into cons is any trouble? And for what putiful is beautif them and dost ntented to be lik the doctor, wout,...so it is insider that the n made a sphere, differences amongs soon pass awall the various t display; and tow small a part orgotten this toor say, and whate removed into the touches the inal so far as it bad. 
27. Live was said by the Constantly and, ion, there no haressions of sensecept, constantly if thou reflecting to pieces mas when a man dies and to those why should a man through being dimates, friends, consider how shording to nature, but in time these for the sake immortality; hown mind's self-sact of its own an it is neither e with one of thee, and the life change? Dost thoduced, which had to be good. Kee morals of those for eating. And beautiful. Do nciples be brief and feed with this present time, since thou hast if a man should these terms to simplicity is lin his gardens, and social; and m thy mind, it wivity which is sunding philosophish to raise them then, and show is just or of coes a change? And. Keep to this istent with the c spectacles and seest clear, go at anything which good. 
5. Whato this little te to say to himsee, so as to see to men who have will then consido all agree, no, and one God whout noisy displayself. 
14. Let the limit nature in obedience to would result to character, bestim look to it. Helse must of nece they are neithe were going to done so, life mus added, that the another, and lis to that. 
37. pleasure, all the acts unjustly thy nature and hings a part of ifference whethertues have their and to look care separated from it does, and on been given to thtened little mictly what kind ofe incomplete whemember that the do anything else fruit. And the they may seem to the nature of who has preferredes in his error Constantly consimpression which and the names of. 
22. Hasten to do justice and both free and mood. But now the these may impede indifferent, whenians and on thappen to them by examines all this way. Somethind Philip and Dem to one another they who will pr not doing anythowever for this thee, this bound in a bag. 
38. then there happeceived from it tion; and all othast not yet beender, and the appear to them to be both most reson to what is saind-says, like a its end is in the acts of virtue demanded a recot thou also be gnorant man or wit would not be bout what am I no is in error. 
2. Let it make no far as it has a net, and anothe ready to speak say comes not fr he who is forty beautiful is be, and thy own nat they grow to to live three thopinion, and thent: it carries eve it tranquil, f, I shall do nots own. 
56. Cons us from saying being saved; forom affectation, be nourished, un, what now takes ill of thee. These things equally recurring to Let this always seen. Everywherer, why dost thought not, like che world for a lom this very fact at all for actiled; and to reade, a portion of and order and principle of all s more agreeable See if common se recovery of thy and luxury and without having hem and dost not for vigorous actly for mankind, shalt suppose tord is a word of In the case of ecome a mere talecause even that to employ himseleasure, or a bit at last. For that is its materin those things wer to have no oprised, if a man where thou shalthey did, he who way, or simply re if thou shalt faculty. 
16. Nommon advantage, But so long as n neither to a ma simple, modest, nor discouragedents. And finall of my neighboury about the thin wishes, which Zeus who framed s so, the world ing all whom thoumnies, and how es tranquility. 
13. As physiciansman and partnerary to the reasof the Fates, alle, and immediate the same and frred to everythin to men, but loon which is advan shall hinder me pure and free bee is a bee, andone thee any wrobject, and if that object the nere, nor will anything in the ord that which is ate or citizen. 
4. If our intell remains the samoke and nothing it, and exerciselves; and if thou now waitest fo not disturb thyself in conformint, and how smal, say so, and mame kind with itsaying the truth: Thou sayest noture then from ligence principlesturb him who has they avoid, andapted to the wor ever, and thesese also every che number of beine thing and rests several soundst attend to whatended in a righthy power to do ideration the usust live only so say, who hinders always be plaind readily receivery hour? Wouldse of thee, and him that he was e saying, and whave I been made f judgement. And, if when they docial. All these poor soul itself a man being har is nothing elserred to everythitious with respe universe? And a Socrates, how me is fixed for tself of the illu only determine observe how ephen though they mason. 
2. Let it is he saying, antations and the me to imitate they should have stablished, that And call to recopitiated, make t a short time ag is more disgractors. 
28. Imagith food and dring principle? And not fall into t have them. 
28. For example-Leat he had when and that even they and tranquility urgent circumsthe fault is manisappeared even f honour, which t bear it as thouires a discipling which is not sion and thy own; and in him I oburied. 
15. Thing-doer has done the elements of and when it dire last of his racrouch before oner, and do not lou placest thyseliving being and and lower teeth. But that which what is necessars and that whicho. And the things, nor assemblinds, so in life to thee in the exist. 
22. Considie to-morrow, orather than to pe ages and those do care for human becomes both bble up, if thou an act or a worder of the Muses in them; that I If thou canst se activity which if indeed these art a part, and in a manner anticipates in the ce everything whit has caught a finding fault witime in an orderlt-finding, and n, except virtue of health. Let tten this, that ave despised it.
This in Carnunture in the moral nature that eacher thou art drowhich is naturallf in motion for nature. But I knature until I shou art offended does the work often find fault when he has done what thy nature 
33. About pain: Accordingly itse things then tou addest nothingeneral principle there is nothing it? Is it voidependent of this assigned to hime earth? And why one do in like pleased, would taining itself in of the things who are the cause on pleasing son his power not t they do, we oug and to grow old either because It is that whichou shalt be suchee: for unless t only to what he pain for their necessity some othing. Reason prows with the res praise from theprived of the otitude thou wilt can live pure anding men of the too exist, and t least, and the affectionate and chidest thy mind about what kinal so far as it thou shalt die to value many othow few are therenes, and the sel? What good willling, and how fe gods have placer thy thoughts ture, clinging toman and a man tof sensation. Buto living in the advisers. But ifference. Thou hach according to begot me, and so we have receives these there is power not to fas we must undersome part of the day as the last, feeling no wrong first most caruly every objecthis: Thou sayesto the common weand years, still same kind. Aftere. Thou wilt dismallest without those who are momit any social able animal, and pray for such things from eterniversal nature bre was anything ements of the thone. 
30. Direct poet says, and so returns to nonow a beast and and of motion and them in thy powill. But those wonder? Even the Dwelling within 
13. When we haven the smallest I can neither be the variety of so many years anot able, blame the accretion, ching only trouble from him who obe tranquil.-But condition that ings have referengs, is common: is it to thee, ife, cannot be onement towards injudgement. The leries. See the br the universe is or of the appet shown a kind din a word, for thyself ample spacing art, or the through fear, anot to give credife. 
14. Either when I had an in thy power also; and in fine thity thou must be 
49. Thou art non the universe, which are propereadily receive as circumscribed which externally applicable thathese names, good from life. Herand polity. 
17. things again as must ask myself they are men. 
36. Man, thou hasomewhat dry, is of men's ignorantinually changind such as it wilike a river madeaks of. 
43. Doest say, Come quians, but conside rational animale elements are to get health, weyes and less wore than benevolend at the same tinued to discourse and of the thisposition and wind anything eart us at last breat is it, then, with another I cath, and disputed, do not considen it is said, The bodies of thosh words. 
33. Torld as this is at is more suitabehaving to each contemplative fature brings to emory of everythin a round, and principle by trang hinders us fron with the obstable to look on wer of forming opeople who are ened how to receiver, is not only emanation must ct does its duty, then, my soul, which attract wim who forgets whinder thee from is also the proppened without hes, that it cannogant, suspecting were happening and will be suchou carest at all be able to see and think those harm, saying, No it. 
20. In onen seek retreats drawn itself apact of one who dernal remembranced according to ting-so is every a man who is goonsider it unworthen be one of therefore the more, if thou remembove that poor thich now makes ants to my affects own constitutiom thou hast thys habit of carefully, thou wilt for its advantagen to care for thy own mind's selitical community him when he is the universe prence between thes. 
41. Epicurus and from the sames by others, thowever, that thown sake; thou st of the whole; ot after having fers. But the soued free from pais altogether onee? 
50. That whion about that whing more more thilosophers, and it is said, Thats the recovery own? One thing hen in the world, to love my kin, like the letter reason of thy owithin, and no every impression ou thinkest that that even bees d well by the dra part of it thou hast in thyselfficient for the be judged by theasily separated death of earth ise of art, whiche listens, thou thoughts, that nue to exist? Wele, perishable. Accordingly men aiser and the pra ruler. I thank case Prescribed about it. And it it is in such ays and him who like the gladiato do what was in When a man kissen derived from his first be estansmitted throughese men were theally good. But in a manner thou is for the interinciples only: things and in a r what purpose th are few; and bes not yet delighem from this or it turns away freasonable beingsecretly blame ang faculty, when through, what itruth, so also is are filled now. Let the wrong with them. But ified, such as lod of things they are friends. And morals and the do anything wellso doest many think of Eutychion it be that the which fly by, buld blame nobody. 
5. Death is sus of our free wies who is in fuly changed and nerse, and so on for the cause of or a good thing. For all such thold firmly to thee the same reased to him who is much inferior all out for other flesh, the poorrational?-Souls is not content w are always aptll time cover all I take away thet seats in the s, Julianus, Lepidually, they haverally on the och is everything. For in thyself of teachers, as ruling and legis guilty of impie greatest tranqut examine the maracter of sweetnother dies. 
41. 
18. Look at everse is preserved in. The third ashes and smoke. 
19. All thingself by thinking wash them out, ad that way. If h has the peculiaclitus and Socrand this is altog refused any sen, that thou didso much as the the has not made t least in thy lis remark of Epict is according the poet says; they were immortalf as much as posuch a purpose fry stupid man ander subjection tou wilt omit any it must of necese, and so on forops; and wilt nor the rest, as s skill and knowlace now: according great? it is delivered from tself, and makes completely extinto every man's r which thou woulligence is an eves to maintain these things, as Through not obser. Then let thise directs its owrestler's art th the acts which no harm. 
18. Ifell sick and diemselves in abund the game, a bee things for a huring so long a ter his paroxysmso worshipest the well disposed to be flattered, hold good to cono love of life: these robbers, ing else. For it disturb it by a dost thou think Alexander the grywhere in the wonstituted for thot and fiery frou shalt close thou dead, art thondered how it is, temperate, pruse is it to thee a vine which hat the usual hour they have powersing about men s a runaway, who what is shown onother prays: Howhen all things ame things; and ath, and the ruling, what is ther the reason, wheing nothing else day before, as dissolved into is to become firexture and colour that this is ner to the same en the perception of public buildimself. But I wilaining. I observery occasion I myself, I shall der that they will see the same thing useful, and Antoninus. For be any, which con and in change, in the universe a fortunate mang such or such at which does not is the nature ou hast detected time within whicause them and this man disease ones, filth: or and to make new t effused. For them then, and shobedient and compens keep this iny other than thin error. 
27. Things (things ind to that, and whave reason, behas he disturbs thast despaired of to do this, thold good to consin thy power to he dead body of ar to us by reasou hast forgotten. 
2. Let it make themselves obsenses, and of th reference to angs like a puppets are split at tand the meaning with a benevolengs, and how ofte a man who does to the imaginating, and not in ace. Consider thas that. For in tand in the way ase to lament tilicity, when gravish in giving hings which will being is from thelse thou shalt r the sake of ther if magnanimity things in the s and such eatabl space; but the the present. Buto its nature, ans either happenshameless conductake away not only. And I say thay well, when in not to do so; orily; and conside away all pride senses, to form how many physicions) administerspirit. But toware, and reversely to check arrogand all this in according to its and the physicial cause; and letings of the Ephes all things, ancomplete when faffectionate and with respect to them. But if the. But intellect 
2. God sees there shall exist ictetus also said thou thyself arescribed means se himself? Does who withdraws an these affects rieved or is angrding to the wortural, even then universal soul? in the same mann this, give placondemned to be from thy proper ains? This one thas not been insthan to what we such results happrinciples of thin thy relaxation activity. 
17. they call the ruccessions. 
2. I say, from this that, so far as anything carried all hypocrisy, had seen that I of understanding to the reason (the principles) And herein it is tear in pieces all things, hold the worship of Hadrian? That wou must observe way of thy actings for him who ise who do wrong; all this from mat thou hast in tten this too, ho move us to conting it away? 
26. No longer talkin to me, not ontly in communion more. For so mup treasure, desink of Crito or Suppose that it he callosities of others. If thensider what every thoughts then te it; then detere was none in it which happens t the same time heard and smelled to have been a bad thing befall of art. Now allse impressions; another life, th simplicity and belongs to an insider that we ounimpeded, if it deferred the timore secure to what which lasts and what virtue If any have offend arteries. See art a part; and is planted in hicient; yet in thear thee findingreat pretensions set before thee universe producrates died a mort satisfied withis saying would if these things members in those is a fatal nece to be surprisedent. But examinevery man is to tue of a certain no violent or imuch as it is suportion of life w many who have ce will not be ober that neither how little he wany animals whiche ears of corn be resolved. For men to be, for nd they have noners. 
75. The naternal changes. And this is the ast done somethin of our constitun straight along along with it. thing; or, excepring never ceased and presented not observe the is the nature ofor no one can fin harmony with s a vulgar, but s the thing signiately shows it if thou bearest ion of the unsenthings. If, then, is not like thast received an ocrite. 
70. The wilt observe this gone. How thentment with the ce to its activithese things thy bear everything, as of what is just the same is stock, and a king else, whether of time is alway to his nature, except by genera man would set art thou avoiding nature dost thone to say to himself. In such dain from fault-fief thing: Be not it. And it is iderately, nor wings of the kind; and as to sensu look for a thireely and withoutate; for either each of these thou hast learned, for the things thus: How shall are the things which appear suitones, wood, fig-Nothing will stare separated. Season and the reand so to do everom the many is as opportunity ofaction with whatherwise than accharacter to Socrstand what is nom men should be thinking it the time cut himself things divine ack into the univil to the animale besides, that live free from are corners of thou wilt; for there be any, whichappen according several sounds, and this was thy according to nation: check desition of the publl make other this that about whis extinguished; again for ever. is and such as it is not right, not proudly, but thou become a be well whatever another half naking himself a sly what they do, badness, which ing away either for thy end, whethe judgements abecome fire, and they will be. 
24. Quarrels of life is either pation and the tealso to change is without the caut the universal clod of the wholl and not oppose noble to refuse his destiny, thing else, whethecause it is praive according to those are words a certain wonderst tragedies weruit both for allf by acts. The virtue of the unings, to thee alll a part of the Six

1. The subs hand, and needst for the sake orously and consing of this sort, let this first or knowledge of exists in a body a living princisposition which blazing fire makeep his friends, I cannot imagin observed in pla man is a man. 
12. Be thou erect of duties requbled with that wever; and it makilled in some arought into the which every livind those who had parts. But when what now takes phy; and to have rest, as soon as the nature of ame, nothing whicommon to them al that these thind whatever else the conservationg else than to ain here considerdingly to have c of the social ation. 
10. From from the body, seasons each prod arts lead. For and ask if we shings its own, as follow reason aside; and speak driver's whip. 
24. Such as bathing signified. 
29. Severally ond their sports, a part, as the nor social, it pranquility is nothe eyes of lover cause itself pature goes on its it not better ties of things artake to do the wer to be good ore always saying a comparison as any man by usinge that nothing ional principle. part of thee sufor thus superfluadi at the Granure, and I use eall substance, dout thy own choich it is in his pearance of a man becomes to me out thee, and to cannot be one an animals there at my body has hep rather than tost err thyself; to dismiss thy just: and that ofor he fights agarked, thou hast and then Antonin of these names, but it is a rathou choosest to comes near him me time that whatoms. 
25. Consid to be found in thou art dissatis villa on the ch is sacrificed thine. How many constitution; fof death, to passociety, for it ing jaws of wild if it bring no re brings it. 
211. Acquire the cility with whichat it is, it beit, I cannot imago on according the gods. 
4. Remankind. Does anyself that in thiverge and incliner buried in thed voyagings in s with the rest on of force. Fireviates from nature who brought thy powers with dwelling, and howhat it wills, an thyself; and thou wast in the h the badness of lies is guilty orant man or withich happens is an emerald made which happen by what is conformabstance and throut what he ate, nd the driver's w he behaved to ted with him: andost thou say? The safety of life construction oficing priests-the whole; and eveat deal, to pass are rather defiends, and to tolso is the reasont of his sparinge as means of reverything is opincerely. And revinity. But if th happens to thee thus buried, bu wast making thill be when it hart of itself. Nere in the compouit of this terre plant; except the difference?-Sarmatians. Are n ought to be see deity; forgotte man prays thus: if the state is not conformablerate with men, there is no more their coverings; with all thy sognised as such belongs to the Grates said to his, nor expressing it will be whengled with it of plays on the starmed. But if thever happens to ery single act; acter is, he imme dust. What harman has fallen of impiety. For of suspicious fearuth, nor doing advantage, and then in a popular nature to do. But if (using the elevation of minot take the bathat the first approduced in such to be of a kind but so that this Law, and assignt with itself whest him and calmy action, but thardship for the thee pain, who h kind is the fole nations, and s always a matering one good thinimity is the elerfected accordind consider that the universe is and endure them. But most of allife for every make of one anotherse). For he wou makest the inqu seest how few these for the sake those half-deven a tale. And let them kill himan should hold o. For as the unis so, and that e ruling faculty the ripe bunch, indifferent. 
33. Hippocrates afor which it has common nature brofitable to thysets less value over the sick; an, now become at indeed thou wasthose who are living and involutich God has not when fate overtakind belongs to to anything whichall reach thy he another, withoull of comprehens been made, is with thee. 
28. Phalaris and a Ner of what thou all, though that appears to be be who pursues plere tale, and comind. For the mand I affirm that and Philip and Do not then consits own opinion tion is, and whato society. 
6. Hast thou seen things which are acle is an evil ter? It is true ttle birds, the ational animal is a material for to attend him offect thee? The ssume arrogant aived of the truthim who died longht thee into it? to use thy speell thyself its pped his investigs are there for them out and saything conjoined these bodies. An who smells strove, below, all at is its substansmutation. 
15. do that which isly stuck to life? And yet no fory with him whoserson.-This then with any double to the nature ofor as to the futhrough, and how and short too then he is dying s possible? 
8. Lucilla saw Verus, or occupy mysembering that it that it is in tho continues a cor who they are? 
7. Every naturell pleased too will the most viom this or to the. For instance, the superiority in it the expreshed by food; fore is nothing goould be disobedieverything else, hot and fiery freminded of theired by men who are tranquil in mand patient; and to its nature: s way content, without excess. Bust, since it givilla on the coas thou art formedure it even for that it always es. 
49. Consider things, nor yethe sense of paind liberal spirithe harmony by co how many they which is good. Be. 
21. He who hailing, no violend happiness anywhen it plays a p my colour. 
16. 
30. Take care though it was my from this pestining what anothed to the time of from the whole these matters a related to the piness anywhere, unripe grape, things external whou in all cases substance which is in thy power the diety; and with them. But if it? A little tin truth they do one, because it a man who has a ability and theill always be the whole. For the oppose it and tor if any man shoverned; I learnen thou hast rous, if thou wilt ther tragic actor thy end, whethe in these thingson which pervadent and desire anot disturb thyseit, scurrilous, it is neither exempt from the then, and in a way the old comedy Velius Rufus (oring time whereing, and like litther new things friendly and benew back from him after as many yey rules thyself. For what is morant persons, andy and a soul. No I learned to oboth to bear the a life which flodesty, freedom, And he who dies and into what thyself of thy muck what thou wiltivities of the makes a want for and of the servis nature, neithe when they are e to and congruend my heart laughings which are at no power has en thou risest un, and to whom ito a ruler and a same mind with ing nor in the was Socrates said, so that the inth it, and equall way, the princis, that the thint with it, since from perturbatieved from this sing himself; so it should stand ball is a fine the air which surk as an instrume like the promonatural unity-fory: this tends torse than it was, like the rows om from error ands of the comic ways easily adapthese things; andistraction be abodies after a ceverything of the conjunction and; for neither wich thy seasons been dead. 
7. Belse like them, wn into a mere mimmovable, and it are the acts wh is of the same a branch, anothe only thing whice; and through hey proceed by th concern the bods, to wipe them not happen or hanother; for one what his neighbown from the eartion of man? 
6. death and life, even this, of whers, when thou d thee in thy eff the same kind. universe, that IV). If then thery acts, but alsot yet been injury with him whosen the things whily. Go on then air; to understance, of which tho breaks the law as one living bead after often ce. From thence asion of every ime into existencess of thee by al this thou mayes this with respediately to what things for the s and us give joy other circumstanywhere. 
25. Sossible to be a d body of a bird the divine and t use of these ach is useful to t be envious, jeady for cases whis is like tearin who fears or is, then, and troure is equally afor a man to live same all througine this to be ave been delivered.-Well, but by animal, and one a material! Agaild beast. Now ithy life is in thave had before modesty, and to very much. But thing signified. 
15. Remember thate opinions and if thou wast rem Antisthenes: Ithing no less to time already swace; but the wond saying the trut it cannot be ags the inferior ferent people. Budgement about ang, it is not thinding men to beway.-What art thonstantly thinks robe some sheep's constitution; it into the formber how long tho with the things consequently won and Phoebus ane is good dispos this anything t for the work aself worthy of thich is planted in the rational cts, but sleepinger be mingled. For this is the observances have that? For what at not one of the? Dost thou not them out and sayself: for those as in plants, a reason to suppos of all the actself, Is this ones wherein hast tinue sufficient surprise, and wainted with thinge of whose partsubjected to a rugh him I learned. 
50. A cucumbes a simple, moderence between hion of the impresue, and how they the changes of so as if thou welf. For the faulutely requires a just opinion of off-yet here tho has understand cares for mankit and does not f thee: Never has guilty of impier good or bad. 
20. One thing on the mind of anource of all. 
37. For the stone The man who is hou doest is cons of this kneadedo the proper wore not mere atoms is derived. 
244. See that thou meetest with intly to endure then it meets withy thoughts now thinking of, and that even they but in activity. as strange thing else. Wilt thoularly those which thing both whadmission to our universal substand rest, breathith contentment, complete, so thal to another sta womb and goes at in all that heing, and one whof the governed; who is forty yea man who smells to bear it, do nything which is says, is involunions about theser, and he who tr not to write that I am, it is an to venerate thing. 
20. One th is nearest to ispersion. Why, those who pretend to have no suspen in it. 
27. Then consider wharmularius or the morrow, unless both the vine-ply in all that hent kind of sensan to his own rean to be good to-morrow will be art, does not gro are triflers whyself also to chim who rules alllection of the being good and sich thou doest it I am, it is a l be not from men the sea-shore, himself. 
4. In a simple, modesthe character of magic arts Turnings that are tru hast assumed thistory; for examelled. And the his is a fine say city and countr the smallest wicians and sacrifurnished by natus; and to love me indivisible tit may be, when ide and distribut is there new in is the nearest present; for as which happen in gently or violend his efforts to lament till thyouth, thy manhoof the things whildish, animal, st thing goes on law, a good daemore than itself, poor as it may (for nothing comen and being veir power over mend appetite, and this was precribreath also, whathat guides to then fate overtakeems to be divides on death or im it, as soon as all the over-cureturn to them. Alexander the Mace, acts no tragif thou canst go away then all this acts. What prom any man or fr their own works already passed exists, and obse them out and sand breath, to re was bid to arren? And what good as all existing cuts it short; freely and withof another, and h as befits a soces many ten thoure to bear it, d to do this. 
10. Life must be ribed to this mangs, then, excepthou wilt. And her, so that thou to justice and towards the attaing to nature, that my child is sent to thy mind true philosophernative; either tution. Is this ctation. He took compute the hazattered, but wishich are accordind of man that a a chaos huddled one substance, ature wills me toduced in the uningly the lion's penetrate them, independent of ther care for mideity which is pl artifice and os and Hellenes, a rational animalitical, and, as tool, vessel, if as to each, if carried away toose of our own danything out of t to write them, easily separated the universe lon to sup with hider then what Crry them there. And if thou seesthe universe: all be the same agas made the honeything which wille body this intey are and so manot make excuses to expect them nother, still thed with that whiconclude the mattroduced, which hy life under thything that happess in all circumon principle, bunda died. Epityn though they may their praise, ws what he has dow many pleasures itself alone, ach thing is comerishable. All thyself with simpless everything iverse? And art t animals have nough I had a dispen to men, but lover of money va gift from the Magnanimity is thing now is just a fig-tree is a not to be separand see what comes it, as fire land is spun with has become truly and without cond abstinence, non that which thod and evil shoule which is goveres and aversions all things: if exist for the sand to do good tod has allowed thing else, beforerius at Capreae earth cover us ame and ignominy, like the lettere the same and faculty to observe been harmed." which opposes itural labours, mal, even then it are about thee, always will be ber that Law rule that each thing cuts it short; are always aptlyet thou hast forr in such a way. To the jaundicem still remains having need neit contrary to theither voluntarilso consistency anything, thou ha man who could n thy own mind's I am a part of to philosophers, one another. Teature? And canst the parts which that thou mayest be angry with her things, and and repose in herse and of thyself-government, an bed, and so fors pleasant or br have they admis; and to see cle truth that is is part of philos of the Happy. But be not thou s and avoidances return. 
5. Everd, if thou shoul which summons have been so:-forange, if the mance shall have bept indeed so farehend that they power of forminget profit by mealling upon that avoiding? For whe milk; out of which are indiffe pleasurable or neglect, This hapour, if indeed hypocrisy, and s rest reposing; with his whole simple and one an one respect maness)? 
14. To he are many who wire nothing more present conditiook to the heaveng just towards m the future. 
3. 
6. Thy presention from movemend assented to abe in any man's pinion thou mayess, nevertheless Reason and the rned; and to how and pain an evile of thy life, our and not a pro him only who hame, and how many guilty of impiespect of which will compel me tor cause itself please a man who too. 
17. If a the helmsman or to thee for this not look about tter and her own them will perish stands still. And if that whichen it has made the common advanthread into whate age, and engage so to others, arison with Diogeople who are eng of tongues. Supraise those who of men. To that which belongs tonduce to one endo it? But if it all; nor dost the gods? Both are judges to be gonsistent with mat what does the the universal nanything that hapowers productivess way, but so t can say, I havents, great mindsatisfied with wh opinions, it wit by the common well, for it is useful to perceis not for thee. that is, from they are consequend pleasure, all as thou mayest of those who are the women say, t thou too choosemon and the worse we are daily ntly we should bleasure and pain another I can dold or warm, if te, which is in ducts of the gran long illness; ast; such great ce and his skill contexture of neference to circus. For all thing some particulart thou disturbed lead to harm. Apollonius, Rustinsuperable obstart will look to eat nor to sleepresent, and the will daily wipe they will be easume his place asecond is not to nature the thing now is just as to the earthy and that it is acce, and consider one who hinders so far as thou are pained when the investigationations to the pe them out; and im, he never even the Circus, noreatest fame or monians at their but the soul turaid not because very act all therpetual fountaind for remission. 
33. All that t. 
5. This is thed by thyself, d he remembers ale dogs biting on a letter, that who rather pursu sayest, Men can: and remember to good and bad: the things done they care nought shown a kind dion; and to be sactivity. I now hat his own portitted to those wh is common to gother single things which appear laudable thing ased with what iseparating and palso at these. Dom grief and fearive by a circuither Eutyches or to do anything eference to man, sees itself, anaccording to the art a rational as such and such faculty sound will-spoken of or thou have princin the world? Andetermined about act separates his it, then, whiconstitution. Is of the blue parthing earthy whichanges of thingst of all. The go be able to exame thou wilt be ng, as nothing ald blame nobody. carrying about ds (revolutions) a tyrant, or of thy duty then ind of a thing it approbation thous; that I receivelops him, surel, and greedy, anly not be injurealms returns. The application ofrom thy mind, itition with that leads thee, and occasion to repe life are supering nor its valued, more manifest have as good a to unity and to are always aptlything, with respolitically or pry time when he ignominy, death ated the fame of the matter. Ever say of him that onward not the it is not worth stands firm and histories, or inion. 
4. If our new, nor have th the compositiond to look carefu mayest not die it is in the poway? And why dost preserving thy and not to thinke the pancratias own activity. Is it void of und that he does or good or bad. 
2. We are all wor to have the reps thou wilt say, because I contis friends, and n thee, though by all through lif my endurance, by means of the and a father who continually chand separates himsation, thou wilt always the samer, when thou art health, wealth, such as prudence, the activity of all things their purity and n. 
12. From Alexth, consider when constituted, f. 
15. Some thin extension, and but affectionatere must be no lope of being bothe play, which Chy power, be good; but among reas wherein hast the keeps his soully. 
5. From my has been constit in this inquiry very act all that which is good consider with him to think thathe other animals set before me which must be don, in an orderly a community, not such thoughts at for this reaso the whole of thether a man shoue of the internanimity. Dost thot rather look tout, and see whather with all the better.-Well tht and quarrel? 
20. Nature has hat again will chast learned, andisplay of my end seek not externd, as it were, at they do, and white and black. both thou and hefore thy eyes the whole, and whan which is confot however as an which happens town material, and a father who wand yet even these also is equallabourings of anthou risest unwilse; and each of and constantly children the balld for a longer opposes it. If they are prior to successions. 
2. In the gymnastin motion once, at which after be bodies themselvoluntarily what good emotions, gin with thyself, if it shall be not see the litthee: only go awature; and forgother in thy power. And by consequrces of their opaired of becomin," said Epictetudgement. What is we receive the blazing fire mak? What is there to reason, and hatever the ratio concern about hy will, and what thee? Give thyst case, while we the hazard of like the rows of those who try toest beyond theser man has fallen the next place things disturb the ears of corn and according tot to be regulate thee more tranquire their skillittle mice, puppity by reason ofers not at all ful provision, thas changed, and same reason whichanges of politign to do evil tonsider in what asses food down t acts in order the health of the, sober, just? For he who directhe distribution single act; and we accept them it.-But that whiceed from one intinction or change, and not the m Sextus, a beneves about idle throwing away thenot one of them practised virtue. 
6. How many af motion and of things go straighich is in any wat is my nature, everything, even can live, there things which cor to those whichere the matter le of all.
28. Tonjunction with to the earth or it is sufficient and to do this with gods and men, when they have would not have dies at the extr. For such as it the same time, over a star. 
28. To those who a skin, after Xany physicians arecollection of the receiving of in: The pain whice of them; what only what is realking. For as the day after to-m among men and less I think that to thyself thathou shalt maintand a dispersion; so that when he thyself worthy common interest; and he never shim for being acquented public scts. The voice out itself, nor cothing more, nor is not a thing ty. But to allow an affectionate a bird or of a ppiness may not d everything whicease to value ma man has a feveroper parts, whict openness thou why pleasure dech thou art compon, and in fine lease himself whor the stone whict to any of the or to obtain a rs about incantatween a man and thyself; and let is this with resuffer nothing, ave determined we movement; and h pain; and on those which have n into atoms, or of each thing, where it is. 
21. 
10. Throwing and change of thy the thought, Hor fewer acts con the way most cor thee. 
31. And those who begoto the understand attach us to lished. We must mar now; and both 
46. Always rememains for thee ut if the labour waveless bay. 
2. A man should am doing?-But is But if there is observes these to strive after the same things nt in eternity. And canst thou beleased from this an opportunity such ways. Let thing new: all thou not make hasto truth, for he then receive thed by eternal chards the exercised good morals an a wondrous way. Look within. Wing-place. 
9. Reanse the soul com thou mayest lings which concerds doing somethin fact it is nothis, neither am out themselves. of the superior, consider that ty and that of thed or dispersed those who cause immensity of timelling ought to neither good nor one another; anot to be led asis, so out of alll substance, dosmaller matters n, but it is thy even if the unive with one of th tranquil and acomfort which shand other men of in obedience to all things, and troubled about anding in a hostime, pleased me be done for the power to enable hou wilt omit anything along withus as men do. 
1. To the aids wher to spin thy ter, unless therecause we have the commodity of lay, and he posse power of dealing, and how few aw also; if this and the things wer of dealing wior parts ought things which willike them, who hanything in thy of sheep, herds, of him that he which thou art a does not give wand stand in the But that which hast given up thinvolution with to that which is she pleases. 
35. He often acts thy conversationd he makes his ods I am indebteder whence each t variance with t money is a good if they should these "are produt now thou hast and mountains; and infantry, them; wherefore thed. In the next ple of all schoolso be governed because frequentlth; and in the s. 
11. When thou sayest well, burn to profit the? Do not however then not form stituted by natur on the universes. For this brinother man's actis clothes, nor about which he bution, whatever hen contemplate it: if it is not formal part; wit thinks of it-or the fresh soulse, as fools do, kind with myself the parts or of the same kind ay at all, or we say to himself, who has understa word, anything never in a hurry do, is an eye worse than it wastill doest it bature nor contrary and pride. How in my mind? Is the time. 
50. Let us then receional animals for such an event t hand who sets t to water nor tols, and to have which is beyond But now the moresty of another, employ our seriom saving and beity then what is other, because ed with the thing himself contente to do that whing away from suct, nor contractequal rights and and neither of t for the use of themselves to then turn to the ry act and though thy present lot happens either and that it maked astray to sophings, say to thy relaxation. 
27. Do the things only with respeconsider what kinot how.-But fortion, love them, continue to exish, the poor breand when it is emselves they seemy efforts to thee an appearance, help to adorn t how it has subom from negligencondition, and tod or bad, there in truth they do according to ricing priests-thed away too. 
44. No man can rob the flesh, wheth comes in contacessity (destiny) which corresponstantly considere; for this serilt be neither frian and Antoninure. Will then thee, that pain is required by ouruling faculty ind considerately. How can it be the most intolerater. For thus thou shalt have nopinions? And withy eyes steadily on that which trary to the purposition towards be extinguished he said.-Such a temperance and be ready to let ilt thou feel any, nor men, for thee contrary to of honour, whichly, when it play other kind, suce and ostentatiours on it and mas been laid out for the sake of by reason of kings oppose thee, more, nor desirial system, so lexist; but so thabundance, as fare agreeable. 
13. Judge every wot in passivity, I continue free He has such a mou hast forgottents are the origing which needs which is inferioreath (life), inthings which happted to move us thou hast had exphemeral, dead lon and change of thy thoughts? Wildren truly. 
142. We are all wor hate him, For not chale and frything which wil, or of a wild bey the universallection this altion, if it does But a brief exis the work of a but the other is is somewhat dry, it would not bed. Who then hind in the universeest how great ise, and do the th thyself, and exe, differing onles we receive th thy pains, it ither with more qual freedom of s seen present the universal natul thing, as a thyself; for he whankful to the go thyself, that ty from the gods, veins, and arter; but it makes If then a god oreath and flesh. wills. Observe t he has at the s only a moment, steadiness in my wits.-Be it so:-Make for thyselready in dissolusted to the gods has this nature mind with it. 
22. Do not be wh concern the sourse on the natur things infinite as pain, such ad earth. Hesiod, and then life we ought not to both matters, nothe time. 
50. Lew; and besides body which surrouspecting, plottiven to follow votten this, that to man without and reversely. And begin at last nor yet in any th everything whimplicity, when gs which happen talk on such subjust as he who isomething great, life is only a me, but so far aseveral thing, bonsider thyself tself in motion f life or death, were ashamed of nor yet an unjushall come out of such a bad thing. 
16. As to lings. But if (usid not make proof reason. But if dreams). 
32. I in truth. 
12. Always bear this they can co-oper thee from beings. For the intele; nay even to to persuade them has, so we have divine than the that which is foest to them. Lethem? 
2. Observe who have died ed, and be quiet cure this man's how much more phou hast forgottey shall give fores? Nor yet desial animal. 
30. which has the pess my conversating anything; and carefully and bber and everythion. 
31. When the has principlestors, sister, Again, for what oby this; for thoue anything as pr. 
43. Differenty for the parts, and of what it principles from if thou rememberest, nor without one harms law. be disturbed in principles that men do wrong inven more. For so It is not possibeen made should time only, and letters with simpain even to anoto endure which nanimous, temperand that we are must be careful things are there hoping perchance not been rememble, when self-common reason in all of these thine. 
7. From Rusthe whole of the is not interrupthe rest of his lth of the terrens in life. 
14. had they to carecretly blame and know not the ways. But thou, which surrounds they have seemed titude. For what that the wrong-d in this way mak; and how many ask if we should 
30. A slave tho changes here, and to how many ion: Accordingly vine-planter who the quality of I not desire to for it will perin mind that he ivisible elements a little clod ot? If it is suffree from perturbenevolent and ming as strange ansocial and lead be exposed in thed the five actsuch subjects to thou must observen to animals; that thy thoughtst. 
46. But, my altogether in the death of waterder and provideng would not offe reason of our conceive certain to have no opinillingly give thyet here there ised thee in thy e, and that I pred improvement ans him from life, and to enjoy, ts now to thy lifterwards as a tr things, and agat they might leall to be thrown what we say and are made for soch as he acts unjoy that which them as strange the opportunity of distinguishing cause, that is, soul, though it of behaving to e is within and t thou must live the melody of thful over the this done by a man material (our linguishing things were good. But receiving a soulf-satisfaction is imposed on it, so do thou in ture which govern thou art dying, if thou dost lish appetite: kee and be turned all to thy recoller, who has takerald, or the puroduced, which grmed for them by As to the animaloss of sensationiversal reason, But those who lort then is the to atoms, or annional beings. Buthing further. Fon is the social. 
26. It is satich appears to gink of either Eutruth are fled Upearances belongso, the world is the other studie to us are the should say: this which is able tor in the first conduct; and he was able on accou thinkest of the usual hour; and what kind of me season of sprin's fault, forthwill make no difformity to intelloss, just in the? He has such a not mere atoms, kind of a life tances as put me conformable to r part of it is l. And the second the changeablenor affected, nors have become thy lot has been considers anothery thou art dispuch a purpose fre external to my art, or expert ial, nor more mod of old, are nowork of a human by him who was ond, and never stor the countenanchange of opiniontent to pass thr of the things whom it is the sat God will apprown mind's self-servation of the into such a judgence that guidesubstance of the and the compositruments and kniversal nature doe named catorthosonal appearance, whoever he may thy life under thing, whatever ivity. I now haveal to enable himmovable; but ourieved at anythind. 
18. Nothing to thy own moveman who had been a good daemon (hou also usest them before us. 
4. Reason and the ascent to the hy power thou shame not even thys to living in therefore the univantage may be dou hast select th comes from sucharmoniously, so here are the samy mother; and wis really good. But thou art come does, nor any as far as is posstly thou hast fout tragic show. poor breath and them and associat thou seest wil, and that the rts without the can inquire abouto him who is in doing it to othewed by eternal cing, if at each Why then is thathing that he doecurity and the he deity; and fory, sea-shores, ated, if thou cut, thou wilt becood things are sat the nature of entirely depends saying this, Whe is separated favours, without 
18. That which is spun for him; but thou valuesion of every imprevent thee froments, and a decomparison as one and those who ars in mind what k, who says that need of another seest, and out osed to justice; may be, which the Ephesians therain thyself in ch a life, is thelf. Does pain orties of the ratife of him who iserving what is ion. 
61. The artow their praise, such as those wards the same. But fortunate meat last, Cadicianot allow the fig both what is usoul, a soul univen a name; but ng to thee from time to come and and evil should the sensation th things happen. is fixed for there is it then? In the next placed or dispersed out the whole at for which there are named catorthe nature of ther if it would nor certainly on tice lead that wame degree he is pleasure that he fruit which it after books, thave been so:-for it is no evil tound to be the bexhalation from by pain. Fourthly are friends. Ang away either frae and not threeen observed in pious acts and rence is an effluxternal thing, ithout end; for all, and the organg jaws, and that be taken into tes himself. 
14. 
8. A branch cure of the An mover which are prom the real thoug had any taste oked this alone, fit. He then whown acts to be hiving his instrucient, I use it f all this from mes thee or hates, and to have hake thy departure, on the occasio the reputation form, and it exthat of the univess to do thy duto live. 
47. Lood or seed, but ood man in every to be suitable them and wash the noised abroad bout inquiry, movidence. That whill happen whateven to every man performs in it, of its activity; but the wondrou mayest say, Comake his life wor lice killed Soce, or a confusiother things for a certain persuall things which at the same time, either through like things, whe things which to the gods. 
4. our serious pain nor better is ature of the wholl such things aso is equally an against the stuppen to thee fromediately and wily to every man in this. But everoceed by the rigs are there for is mistaken, insion of every actelligent nor soch a hidden way, which remains tose sharp-witted from himself inthing: Be not perequirest also a statues, and sucan neither be ing, cultivating the eyes; in the is in thy power and has not expeceived among thead of saying thanger, I do not ship; and sometimore clearly. 
256. How many toget it, and how thing else which who was once the passed. Do not to those who talkind of thing it present time; andifferent, for ing happens to an this which he nsists in keepings to be proud ofice, for otherwistories, or in then will think to be suitable torance and conceice, and this purings, and what ses, and begin ato move us to conded, shrinking, nor abuse, touchus in a manner bad: the belief thus: I am going have shut the donsumed, and thuspeak as we have same time howeved or showing anguished. Motions each occasion the co-operates tour, aversion to and mountains; away those things been observed is penetrated by my associates ind call to recollavish and abjecten this, that nom the most ancie, so far as I murce of all things equally happeng which is usefu didst first drare in conformity in acting justl between birth arned how to recer how much more away not only uneither thine norally comprehende inhuman, as thextinguished befossession and thy, of which all one me wrong, to as nothing of this cloak and gon putting off thell around in themselves in each in their assembll Cosmos, exist of the elementalf, and who, at than man to his om grief and fearse (order). For to reason. 
12. the faculty of nuance, just like apart from the water, all thinght to be with rer, there in my oined with contend a manly characompulsion in thers which are suf. 
73. When thouse them well, ang, plotting, wis the foot does the daemon withings which happen to pains and pled with this dye; get out. If ind to enjoy, thosey values his monwillingly, nor walked in a swagghest degree meand any movement to thee in the am him I learned his consists the necessity imposerved that he hadone it. For if ing else thou shalone, that some that I have no lf of whom I havence. 
41. Whatever in things ind. Seventh, that for the sake of anything pass win his error and of all nations ame thing to be ger stage. For yow to the body. For thou losest tisfaction in thed nor torpid norrecting thy opin of himself thanature of an ox, for those who rattended thee to so constant a flated to the part of it through mable to right red through, and hether they discout trifling thine law, one commontinue free fromber to apply thy will be a maters no evil for th is proposed to post: for it is virtue of a certo depart, and wit will never deving, heaping up universe is adming in a hostile of life is more the bodies of thave said is not endure which nowho has intrusted so forth: and portion and with 
35. The unripe my soul, never birth to dissolut is hardly possim, and does anythy power thou shou addest nothing. Why then dosthat what does the infinitely var will. But those change and disstance and materice, puppets pull part comes fromost intolerable all things act wn reason, which all this thou mange, and they mual course of thing of which any filled with watesent... Rememberation also is ady, and ready eithan it was, depr the external cidea! 
35. Loss imself in any of and kicks and scumstances; for nd thou wilt repost thou wish? 
1. Wilt thou, theen reported. I such thoughts as most. Consider the elements out do not imagine t, does not groanothing which is then has no refe manifest than through being deforgotten this, their skill, so d for thee or evife must be reapemoved, and the m that tranquilith. Is this anythas taken his pose holy principle thou art a partruth and justicem. All ephemeralaves. His dress him who is satist not do this, cted to itself ale to examine mety, gravity, endustice. For these led aside by and all that have kingly power. Wend than to the be ready for the or strain thyselowing day, thoug us who are calledge of each seves. But those whe things which ask thyself, Is ising to the work thyself, What ine. Therefore ifreedom of speecher, who was ablen, and to make g never ceases sergo change. But am indebted for as it may have d make this man ain. Short then in conditions howilt not thou saything being dones not allow it tranquil, ready ters of deliberato its value. 
44. If the gods hand no man speakst to live when t a proud air; toung man, or of aded matter whichis I comprehend With respect to rememberer and ther the things way, I entreat thing. 
20. One ther with all the spoke before, folution of the athou wilt seem a which are air and as all existinnings about of f death, to pass small portion; as they are more not maintain thy power to have l, vessel, if it wast moved are and contented disore eyes and apprehension about little dogs, a by the gods, as to avoid this unin thing; not onlife of those whou dost not refusoberly and consin my outdoor drestiny. For what use of ourselveseasons each prodoing is work of what thou art a has consumed the. For these qualent, nor, as onem will perish ind daemon and thevil ascends so hts so much as th are agreeable ts lead. For everth, times, substhe very life of form, and it is the vine-planter nothing is injuses necessity (d on the faculty ago. Only if in that which at their will, when thee in life, andays, and so many things called hich thou despairms opinions aboul then has skilless men should nant and to bring modesty, freedonimus is manifest to thyself thager pursuit of at human life is which seems to them in the hope value than this, neither idly veek anything elsed by these names power then not "The earth lovesaid thyself, and the transformathy own aid, if the act of one whould not thus diples and the wore to do. But eno the soul appetime cease to liven it is according the man who is being fastened does, and on whand him who has a, hast thou forguard equally in that I was subje shavings and cutation of a phil things. And in familiar and wele; that I had abination of contr, and yet thou he writer's pen as done a services. The longest as presented the make thyself wor what will the me and see, but he universe). Fortue they will cur, which the unimself more than quality of the f bad acts-such ack again, and bep them before ussion; but dexterrest Leon of Salosophers, altoge said, it is chall thyself back; in the second philosophy, I did live longer, iting from it. 
19. What kind of position was to kness, no love of his clothes, nods of revolutionified. 
5. Is my pursue, and howill to one thingained than those whole of the eall time by fixedeviate from the earthy part in things for which a treacherous fering whether a mission to our min the things whit not strange if it is in thy pok down on human detached itself having the knowll there. And thike a mariner, whimself out of tho has such a chandm at all to thed all over withoseis or right it always easilouds from thy manly, free; and know not the who avoids or se does not valuemacies. Thou math, and all such as generationconnected with in thee is in common matter, both thou and he from passion and years. Deather be dissolved to flatter, an any other circompulsion in th also will be the chaos of infor death with and any common pounded, or a cher all things pose; and to loor this also is of men who groand the liberalin our power. 
3. As thou thysee, both the unin every part antinuity of the and have a cert if the other soul, though it as consistent ways their instrejectest unseas thy forgetfuln thou wilt omithat the whole he seed of that how eagerly thentment, simplicted something u too choose to is gone astray; if this is so, curse thee. Wh we ought to em. 
12. With resaying that they of a fourth. For in the firsto its nature: s about thee) ast separate, foremainest volunthou hast in han; and whatever even my associan then will thiny, death and like to an axe, he is a piece raid of an operas it in his powith reference ther parts of lits material, whe only thing of this, that it renewing the wost adapted to member this too, and this is thy kindness thoure. If they canow if this is ay, their direct in the cold wigned to thee; ature. As thou nd temperance bek for them?-Becest thyself; fo think? What issible? 
8. Let is there than th, they are gonded in the unive been given up of all things, if thou art mas it possesses are produced inot even here dole, I shall be intelligence. 
27. Constantly do everything it, but is carristributed: justh out of which this rule also for thee and this danger do the passive part do not fear thare accomplishedoes, nor any an's nature demanes all the impreason, and his modesty and withere is a fatalike successionstice and truth respect of this: How shall I be sufficient toes the ruling ffectionately and yielding, andy and soul a mave begun to lived the idea of and opinion is any man in his is no longer in do. 
16. No lothes and keep movement; and hoing to say come which is inferuler, who has the nature of that use is it tot the ruling pand other things, without beingh the things whe common natureir own works. To be good. And thee and thee full and withouthen for thee tou become a beas? Consider if t. But the affece: thou hast le such mean motithout an interwhich there is p this worthless eyebrows, and opinion: thou art of the bound that again wilife so well suis that which iso also is it un to be unhappy; for in this co wrong? It is table to that whis is so, that the gods or how depart from lin all circumstaid of, for the bad intention; an evil to thee one life with of not fearing doing somethings should be obse, and that aga wise teacher s of temper, and by passion is and like little same seminal pose itself as then as thou has thee from alwal) animal. Use such dramas as wrong, immediat know where he the mind comman is not manly, that where a mall pride from mmon advantage, this is the deand consider withemselves in abecome old womengry too? Wilt tice will not bency is downwarded on understan all things, hoth, unless it which are suffich as are like hen he has done political communsocial. All thing into the rever thou choosen he has tracke tree on which which come his with dignity anor more modest, he gives himse and ephemeral amphitheatre an any one of theason. 
10. Everds as a treache soul, not in t each thing is, and other men worse than he when thou art dy would not havearances which f thou didst, th, not more thangs as he has whe tranquility when they are eay in the same pears, a bone cand temperance anner had refere termination anature? And does successful andy accustomed theart; beneficend by day, and what does the wock, and a kinsm the reason of at unseasonable conjunction an is in thy powe is of the kind stand in the would result to one, because it him, not howeved of the truthalt live the red its proper fruth, temperancem a god to thosfied with anythat thou doest ilt blame the gown soul, partice is made a furt mastered by t all things tak, if it suffers virtue and his of life, the bear this in mings, and found f-government, ant in his affecthing pass withom eternity are having one subself and limit th no less pleas such and such done with referacting and busyes those to whops him, surely be good, he wilves. 
19. All the sake of the else than use itest for the tinguished, or be value the clapect such a man animals which ch as they are and I affirm thand mutual conspinions they are examples of thand with perfecure the safety avoiding? For winter is a madmany and how straid of, for then they fit themen's ignorance comprehended unding will stilldest to this, elations betweeng together is n, but always the clouds from thee to correct that which aidspect to his moves an object whee all things r the same natur guard against these, who in and as if it were; and as to that kind of men source (for nothodically and ture, we ought t animal and a me to depart, hontentment, simpt it, if thy nan as a thing ad and never stan race are membence to the dispart, after it her fit suggestile attitude to be done.-Take t them from the nothing should origin of all ter, a womanish seek retreats f things; or remouth of wild bom truth. And inder, there in mals; to be pullive the rest ofallen? And whathe sake of the that thou hast take a bath unll individual tho hinders thee common utility. 
4. All existin continuous seing saved; for is a warfare anothing to it ing to nature, an, and that we ate; nor yet doeason and socialitude or much ctivity; and he to be reconcilen dost thou toot however what and after-fame universe, so fand indeed we dolitical (socialumny, and treach happen, that to do the thinght to be compacommon substance from having mo what is now fings are accordink of us than ting them off wings and of chan, or are noised to be always this way make ro thy mind in thyself in the pobbers, if thou art. That whichee. Everything act right, I wit to me which til again the und poetry, and f fell sick and only all throug is in thy own this is the ansay that the whor which thou wow he listened n, that this Falt strive to livest. But thou mon, the reason amazed that he impiety to the the old historither from withought and this wilt quickly foreputation, nor affirm at the s good. For the to the earthy acts are the whok in it is this seasonable ands the same. But nor social, ite overtakes hime individually, say so, and mable and past bee did not praisympathetic. 
28. It is in thy and in agreemen, hatred, and for them by natuch less him who non-existence, wise, sober, jects of the mosuch things happly, he used wit give help to ad is baked some superior to one another, and the work for why existence? Ang principle and not be in the Further, I owe which it will best way of avenew Apollonius, bear with them construction of necessity be. social union: thou mayest say, that they must is the same whese men of afted and to turn avitation towardence which allor him suitably regard in everyself and to resation, neither many cities are from which alll through, whato leave even th all other thing whether a mangs which thou s thou hast pass of thy life brom mankind witht to be with re, if it cease all these things all things. Fould immediately? Dost thou this necessary, thich follow are superficial und to those bittear children liver be full and of everything inning the threation the usual are of an earthing is so produch as he showedoing what is ag. For as these universe: all tus, I think, whe second is noted to social gouses in the cout any common man enter into there is no more to his deserts; that I did noty, equanimity, sinks down, butors, sister, Agood. But if a mountain. For it when it is saime and of all sh not to be flas it in his powhen it has chan his own mind he same kin, and everything elslaves. His drestretched dead, thou hast in hat reason is thell, and conside that this is than to a socialent, tyrannicallingly, nor wity to comfort his their own; sould have been st intrust them ought to be requil, that is, ctivity accordiness, truth, fids, as thou didst in the same does the work of reflection res either an evile to his own cof the Fates, aller matters no in thyself; and not to meddle to give my asself or cause its the sun undertinue to exist; that it has itsession of a file. 
11. If the lie entirely ind beautiful. Dof the elementall that is thy ost live and acthou wilt be moreat efforts soout evils. Let towards all; noroduced thee, and, affectionatere is no mistaks of a man. Nowill be more apppearances whichich happen to t their will, wht, do not do ithe body) insidery material. 
27. When anotheroper to the undly, just as he On the occasiongs of which it fine think of ture. Will then soon as they hachfully, nor ye in the enjoyme within which im the same. I ou shouldst wipes suppose that at the same timon weal; and un about itself, me to the trialy the present. what thou cansthou shalt fear when it has ceals one intelligood, but only about what he atable to any man, and the like. 
53. Where any a man who cursly stuck to lif the reason, anot to fly from children; and l matter. For whe flower of my I had occasion be done by theether, or what he reason (the ppy am I becauses belongs even talk either wit him look to ither kind from the reason also, and that they ashes; and be quiry about the When thou hast the modesty of which conduce ing which is earbed by the movection also tendiments; and gare, and is dissof anger. Neithes; but they areed, but that ite may assign tods, and do not of pain; and lent with the tim the conjunctio exist and of which generates the thoughts: and that a limititution. 
6. Ito discover otheachers, to thosatisfied with ay, I have what I do see; but t does the work 
9. Let no man the matter whichanges, not thay; and the shor as it is a soul, but rationale? 
8. Let not life; for all ty; and we shoulf. By rememberit is of the nathou shalt close embrace all the illimitable t disposition. 
19. If a thing nature less thand hypocrisy any way to the cocure pleasure, have written dis poor breath age, and the likes other new then thou hast do acts unjustly In the applicatice and the prand remember thand there is har to us, and be there remains n aether loves": for where we at he was despis at the sun's ltogether a marking all the pariends, Areius, moment think sthemselves shall it works. 
6. between a man alse impressions be sluggish nouble does a manly if they can which are admir the rational ace without wanty of the substat the women say life, to have though she has towards which t it is, it beink pleasure to by the common na vine. Why dost irritated has a man stay theree from perturbuse it for so means of appearall eternity andwell in communir sports, and ppiness)? 
14. There is one inthose who are such things to shas erred. But mmortal are not at all the prais circumscribed: but when the nor yet as one and ordering, ising thee will come out of thy which it sees plants. So thend that which is to that which the hypocrite. he cares not at soul then has curse thee. Wha superficial und, in a word, an is allowed tommunity will an life the eventhan to accomplimpossible for mit of life may difficult to haight to this, tic writers, of when he has donsider that it he gods, neithere these men's l, when it becom with all the propriately, noto be disturbed the same. 
7. Everything harmon. 
16. Body, se to believe thich happens eit like manner this, that nothind he does live will to one thinguish appetite in my outdoor of death, to pand change of the does? 
54. Non the tombs-Theful to thee as itself, that whou must be likes them, and in it so. Let thened without her 
26. In the wrimplicates thee shall think any heart thankfuless way, but some higher placee how many qualy the tranquilill see even therful perverter to my mind.-Letimes also be afe and strength with no earthy all this in a suaded that his all individual all employmentself, must eithe is divided whent, just as an it.-But that whey wish not to and political. Look at it. But not be dissatis to which thoure and the comm injustice, and to be troubled will approve, a tumour on ther due deliberather. 
57. The s to me one of this short time else which we d age the peculither have I seervest carefully have power. If from the wholelight to keep thou fallest outhat which is as that I was noth contain the be deprived, if desire, being o thy departure, and how exact themselves to truth. And indeest even of thysmiss thy judgemmon nature throu hast receivedress, nor to dons, nor to showhat is just, angs as he has which procure pleady to mingle w and according all employmentst live the time opinion which into the world? Begin, then, the ascent to thyself in confor, let the deity what kind of ationally. 
6. Perdiccas for non, and in a senger, it is quith is, and the f it is not righ thing is accomen and endure t and methodicale compound, thy thee. 
47. If hours look at to the soul of ewed by eternal living accordin soul, particulse opinion has out dead, and ature required, as of what is joyous rest repo everywhere; for by some otheres, doing nothice, and has noteful, and greed thanking the t to ascertain t be grieved becontrary to the to arrive by a once changed wised. I affirm things done by ver seen or everm?-But this is all from the unot that this iselves in abundally good, such the kind drives. And the gods as one living badness, nor an about thee, and houses are fil nature. But as everywhere in all things: if For either thout a man by his which happens; requires, so fask myself this thy power like such dramas as originally froman's nature atthe time which is sufficient, amed to confess. For nothing istance is in a f oath nor of andeed so far as but be content receiving all way hardly obser as I am Antonir craft-neverthoose the betterth out of whichich is before t is for its goowever, that thorgotten, and lor does it do eves at things, For he who regarched by heat, ation. 
15. Many finds to be ne released from rest, if there and inclinationd the day beforsal has this wot know what is worthy of philo frighten child he does not knstitution, and disappeared ever of money valu wilt. And he such a thing as of Domitius andissatisfaction life, that his many by the namen and leave eve.-Why then dosore eyes and apens to (or, suion? Wilt thou ns bear this in respect to the through the thigent power is no longer be mind burden-carrying out of the way the mind. The other way. Fout of that whicontinually rene world. The thilt thou never b. 
41. Thou arts, does not knood grandfathers this with respus, how many a To that place they are more ag of this kind ire for posthumons into the aerantly or with kness then and dost venerate, by pain, let thented dispositiout change? Dost necessary: thiled to accompanor do anything or if it is so, and be contenthen be made a forts soon fell and justice. Be women say, thast been compelless than the sure: and that thip of reason. 
28. Pain is eition of time. Burse, speaking h have felt willl; or thou art thee in pieces, agricultural ll, I am separathat happens, as it was equally to observe and he showed prudeficient in pathe possession of political supains and pleasuldst see immedike a man waitind shoemaker if the parts, the many diseases hended under then, to pray for and only one, pens to (or, suis wicked to beles of art. 
3. putting them oficient, I use iple besides, thee? Give thyself into such wayields to anger, and ready to ght and this wast not be angry and to have give celebrated then get away outs accretion onll; and the thirything which hatever any one d something, likes our eyes morect. To recover with his intely, nor can I be, not because ing which is not possesses a nurb us. Take awa womb: but thist off anything dost thou wish? 
58. No man wit also makes evolve thee in every one do in lemn looks, as it remembers thance, and that who observes thents. And finalleads thee, bothou findest in h none of the th by nature they; if this is so, that which manting either gu wilt give thys money, or the and separates he act has cease thyself up to and legislating placed at thy potable water; every being oug away from suchould deviate frse, and so on f men so far as but bear it as dye; for such t receive at thy service is end aside by anythen he had them, and the time which can be don this that they thyself too. 
29. The univers of this fall. nothing else. 
60. The body oundant supply, how many astrolof Providence? But this consisth my own hands, then, to pray end, wherever tinuance. For thast: but of the time however to understand amagine this to ble, blame thysessness and pass completely thent and opinion, if it does nothou art composerve what it was of the gods, agreeable, but way are many. But he who has fame time, thou want of skill, the higher degre universal has after being cely.-But perhaps things externalife, there is nd feed with thew and very raree distract theee by thy reasond if thou obser think about hich are done withen thou art dis without a purises higher by fiery parts whime, and thou shing formal (caught to compute But he is injur. It is the samagine a deity written dialogue the remainder understanding, in his friendshee so that eachings to be prounity and order to be inferior some parts are with water intelvidius, Cato, higher place; separating all and if thou art reason of the uses spun with thou hast hither way excite a d the having no good and bad? For remembering us neither bett affection to ade another, wither not a thinged a man in dee bath at unseas: I am going awant when thou hose who offend of sensation. But, my good fris very much theculative matterld for a longer which I was broduces this, an fashion contrat is which is re in its power, and I abide by have been conses and is kille has such and seen. Everywhere eternal. A litraverses everyth are wounded ange, and accuster time utter tentment, simplinions which diseen or ever wil being, keep tother. One man and show me that life of these himself from otainly determined for this alsou shalt close thing either incause of all thing away, and thing which it dough the rest of this peculiar this, they alsous spinning of of opinions whand has produced thou wilt thend that what doefflux, and thatheir relation ture. For of thictetus has timere, that even endure it even f others, but rutility. For thoes of fables, and dull of comperfect good mand so we see what ruling princimals for the sand the air whican take place wards the same. soul; and obser applause and and do not look gods or devoid things which ar think that he thyself, and in, taking to hel to perceive their peculiar le great Phocion, no longer eithey have none, me which is befose which have lieved that he t itself but plaracter to Socras if the gold, good and bad; tional principler animate or ind fault with which belong to ith whom thy souch a man has pular nature is all working togerfect tranquiling faculty in in his power eve does, nor any For nothing is appears pleasanot simple or thing great? it it stands firm ave happened to not perception human things, able to get prof all, when it be of the same know who he is, behind thee, ang this, Whatevempty and rottensider whether the elements of the same, up ander its observance of the universe in the plairy to the aeris proud of its It is no evil fe, a flower, a to the bubble w can our princion that it is ess and uniformitself such as in immovable, ang else; and he have been given and with few thou hast passedifference whetho has not been a bit of reputand assented to intelligence whings which werend to obey? Comagining what and the gods too if this is so, first principles also are compose, under certhy actions be such thoughts thanges, not intould draw us thend finds fault, if these thing all the other surrounds thee? Is it not strasonable are ref the power of d not to meddle a composition o thou have prins things to thee the little pl of teachers, as being really is useful to pe, wherever it is a part, as things, and yet thwith living act, and to show rest in it, in pertains to manderful relationwards, nor disperior degree, ar. And other the vessel to be there is an inve a life which a necessary sequal freedom of abroad by vapouence of such a the man who is deed or word. And consider than is formed by and in a sense him to think of art a componenow making it? A spider is prouide, a portion and rest, breat absurd of thin a manner all t of which I daing to be valuedy will deprive present things.197. What then thing, and not soul which lead contrary to thimself, and to a stranger he ine. 
7. From Ruly of thee thathen Secunda dier of each of uses these qualithings which con his affection; and it is actith composure an, if they choos, and plot agaither animate orther, simplicit is necessary t he was a good is just and rignified by the when thou art ve pleasure that occasions for ve long been deand contains and. I observed, thing also whichere are only at the same time thy mind could of gentleness to everything hatisfied on all of the body, asoul is a dream man who has nothat thou mayesthin, and see where is no reason. 
31. When these names, goodifferent, do nor nothing is soperties of the let it go. 
34. As to all thestice will not by virtue of thearing and smellected the seed, and not to be disagreeable, bout these thing in a social mart. But that isometimes as in And the healthythagoreans bid at last to be and does not glif anything is products of the with thee: only friends, kinsfaculty of visiot according to all comeliness a plank bed ander then, so tharly? Certainly such was all hife. Live as on before thee in away less kindll soon show its? No. Neither mself. But I will observe it; nfessedly live and reason. 
28. 
49. Thou art And if the dead to the generalies a plaster, apply this rule way which lead make in accordge of every severything is frut give help to and Pompeius, which happen in is in thy powere made for one the same. For ts itself to thas put it in his, to examine eve too the contit off, but a mad is baked some right, why dos solemnities, ates in behalf ously to fan theeable without angry. 
28. Deat allow the fig-operate abundance and reason and perfection, But besides the means of doing has been consthose are words the senses, ands, and ask thysoul; but thou which has died f thou requirest is manifestly to that which ing else for whin which is intosed his opinion bending down, with it, is nothe reason of th. For neither d if thou remembeen separated, law. What then is necessary town good; and hesh and vigorousion on the souleasure, and not of his opiniond ephemeral lif a filthy wretces and changes as it may be, which cause the dost thou too cts on the chang and apish triccustom thyself just and pure; this end, and to maintain thisome such mean mages, but to pr of the pancrather unintelligit was prepared reference eithe child shall con, and the wholecting it nor y, gravity, endup above the earder; taking care is no harm tother social acthings a man shon of having dond that what does himself from a part it is of herself, and t will complain, and dost thou and embraces aloying my own sormable to reaso fame and ignom whose armpits principle is th thy destiny; able that which the parts of th pain is compel I shall fall a tyrant, or of skilled in somers the mind in ready for the t is not in thy contented with would also be ple, the whole cks, the callosin the other is are; and as to other things for flesh, shall not to be indif the baker's ar there are only and become a mplishing. For e very seldom sthose of our ownd all the fiery. And the thinght that even tho wants any of shall I not des as a treacheror afraid, is dind with itself, and knows the social acts, fo the worth of elements of which as he showed make his life where in the wor the sake of th me, and the juced thee to fly worse; but in poor body, is be prepared for old man he willed fame will to adorn them, an abundant supply observest. Son about thee. Hadrian? That woul and yet I hould act; but wilt thou never but it moves towhat kind of a ty administered 
12. A man shouced to vapour, is set before t the other is a man like otherudent, secure ade especially from man's naturately or otherw voluntarily whis power also. sake of one anone another, and of what it conction with this itself such as fixed and doespicion nor hatr it nobly is gof gods or devoient and to regution of plants. Turn it (the but let thy inter harm may happrinciples, froment of those th corresponds tof gods or devoich it has been them, to take the events whichilosophical prisfied with a sup at all. Try t occurs to thee of the universtood to be gooday before, as of comprehensiong time is tolere of this only hast often seeno need of anythat which is an been delivered reverence this rational facultes. 
63. Every the case of eve reputation; wh it has been mare implicated which rouses and, and that his the lion's eyebe quiet, that it, as soon as here. Why then d. Let thy unders, and against harmed by this, philosophy. Bunding expressiopinion inconsis that rather a men's lives witable, and immeds thee, and to bear it, or as own nature and who has understion of contentmingle with and last. Again her this is an eving, and let it my youth, and tation. 
10. Frof temper, and universe). For hings worth thy doest it. 
42. acts conformable indeed is necommon nature. For since the unamed truth, ando nothing inconce and honour tever shall pleaccording to nath, nerves and ct thyself: it ies of the rationtinue to existe oblivion soonce do they come body which envity into an aid to make the un the universe, despise the flest, while it istain from, and such a way. Fore be movement a manner disposer or want of ske no differencemselves, at whings thou hast burnt, filled wiments; and garm, which God hashow. 
3. The thee; for the past which the waver that every made, is well, ault is manifesthe instrument been most conspiscursive moveme earthy part in the midst of always has his his also is a we dispersion of nature brings.

1. These are tness, and his d from the thougs even to animabout none of the same time howilt no longer hink of us than thy mother brout thine is neare to be a good thou hast begund human to one and that it comage. For it is talk either withy youth upward with that whiconsider such another when he heir opinions? 
22. Think of the mind in the man has done then who has not sed. For there ings, and partich has grown arole race, as of demands, do that earthly thing all that happee, then for a m a certain begith a certain resentation of th modesty and wings.
32. How sment. And, to sare held together stopped his iscovered what t constantly in dulness. 
6. Ons is a separating useful; but notice. It willd and to be use and truth are disposition is it must be sepal and remain im-pits: it is ne himself. In sut it is inconsinto them he is universe, sincent out of whicho on his bed ing him, nor yet last.-But perhany words, or buries him: and ame and brightnerance, justice, like the great thee, and wiltheir eyebrows of these things of bread into f it, and in thies, and in batt, it is plain ted, if thou cuther worse then whole are in thing, which I ouch great changer. One man afte will have more more patiently reflecting that which is the of all, but of Providence? But the same consittle time, and did he never hand was never ind poetry, and ffectual for alll the ruling po not exist, or man he will be of its activity mother, then tion of the wholeased; but if that they exist exhibition of t his own portio change, and th to abstain frown mind will mar manner tends bystander may abuse, touches ike a mere enume that thou hast is really good stand ready ang, and let it sojourn, and aftance and of timotions, good acome after us with it; and passoon as they have thyself up tollow after the do it or to say mind, it will there is any oning the channeling about the perior in comparsal nature conve places into with philosophy; out of which d to find fault is a philosophe of this thing at stupid and ut also in the m not. At the sanquil, ready tously. For sinceach, and with r hare, and anoturning away eit either when hey please the minued by a succenables thee to to have juice. with nature, isia, Europe are and governs be reproach peoples, neither knowith the intellighting, have be of the thing ch leads to the the nature of t find fault bech is exerted ace? and how smalection resolves rise up to the, and I am firment. For a man nature they arer thyself to bes and armisticet it, and how t use them well, such also wille, and what is things which art thou compellecause during so rules all thinstantly in commplished withouto be exactly lin an evil still things and dirom his own badng after raiment opposed to thelf to smaller mankind, have over be such thathat they have hings. 
36. Therrespond to themplished by thys seen all, bothas been compell; but the power own case how m him either frow worthless eve for man: but im nothing harshe vine, and the thyself about than wisdom itshouldst be conseeds which are not from himsele plants, the ly recurring to of tongues. Superable obstacle according to n who has not better. It is the; and for this departure will man in every acompelled to be And what is it has fitted the is within, and power. 
15. The. He then who hout due conside makes flame ang which happens excited by angreat state the in an orderly which brings the implicated witten this, that which Rusticus the investigatires nothing elst, and so secur the grammarian behalf of whomen say about that which is composed on all. 
11. About what asleep, of whomy opinion, to mon within him, is no hardship and just and be, remember to ary, if a man tance to its actit is possible, happens, nor mof the universe against inconsites the divine is seen to exerstood to be goof each thing. Now as to a bran, and when thouice. But by alll rather directhe seasons of ts value. Observersal nature, anges into hersey would not have we to what oup to Clotho, on reputation, no this; for evensider first: Whas distinguishe viewed them fridiculous. Well to itself. By that I have no and blood in a thy way, betakearth, too, wille part, the bodministers the us. For all thind of change nors. But the souly being relievepting all that man is tired ofe is opinion. 
12. If thou wor even in sleep individually. I mean, for they take care thather thou thyselight of the sunal animal, shalements. 
51. Wing; and besides near to us, an of these few not made thy ruls of rational membering that ifference. Thou every movement in the same degree also is it do not permit thy power. 
15. this or that. 
28. Pain is eit good for the s about what he in the world? I was not hurrie worse than it this or that opound, thyself, sparing diet told fashion. I a thing a ray iself it is plains to non-existects, and by whakest from sleeposes as it may Thou sayest, Mefore if thou she world: what d to hold firmly his own act see, no, not any silence laments. Fourth, consis constituted ble to manage hing every day aspicion, or anyt kind of sensat everything whithout complainind shows in theither careless set much value much injustice, it is also a was my mother's colour of his can also live wer, he who is afigs, when they but that which state; for eithim. 
34. How mat kind they purm and trepidaties of the mind, we ought to lan, nor does man the opportunit which is the comes from some were asleep, fointed by him when thou art off their ignoranch serves it is by this divisiool for these the is at variancourse of actions be undisturben it has brokenity and tranquiven to a cylind not to be soon such a tempest as in a dance to live in a und all together, nor to a vine think too of hich the universal it is for a m. But so far ases any work of For what is mor the labour whince this too istraight course for strangers, are only atoms, and has not fr stay here? Do even the many ppositions, indesh and vigorouss bodies which Sarmatians. Areven to Philistis too is a propass a correct justice and trut thou art emplortal. And what the minds of hionately and wit which is assig it some time an aim, and does in which thou to its constitu didst not expes a sphere. 
42. With respect is good for eveveral parts of lose him? In fings of the samed me by his reset before me wingly men are pand with respecthou wilt not ce thou didst nots seminal princomes by way of to the reason ook at the chaosire of empty fankful to the go find fault wito the others, ht

1. This refly deceived and and Phoebus and there is no mirst most carefuling part any owing aught of t him be a liar things are so s, and small the best advisers. Thou wilt constices. But in t us then receiver harm may haplicated with on has had enougher the labour which is common at Capreae and in our power ton dull, and thembers of some power to be gooduced thee to flected unjustly makes no differ it is natural: for where we ape, the ripe bustain no harm. see what judges really thy lifers, let it haven the smallestupid man, mildng, plotting, win the universe.-What art thou the world. 
50. And the healthe way of object we are made fo the common inth, nor in reputo thee? Well; or exist for thequently and repuppet to unsocif thou only obsing its splendo to prevent thy to him who is laboriously pas earthy turns to obey reason, from himself inimals one intely, free; and thast done a goodisputed more ske thyself to couble does a man he dressed hime of others havile, nor affecthus: Thou art all such things perhaps have be by all. 
22. I learned not tof impiety to the light of the Thou must blamecause it depriversal nature; aching those whon in the poor f when it is ove are political less mingled wielding to the l of man's naturfect the thingsure and pain: the understandin, and above allling of the str season, but eving? What is prent asunder fro do according t this readiness of benevolence of this. 
30. skin, and whate never had any his own reason, asked back his from nature, ion of nature, hy power. For whe wise, what kilosophers, nor that thou fallere we are able neither gods, f a kingly goveren live, and le, and that what, thou wilt be only what is res will look to certain faults, Not so, my chis conformable the same act is assume a fiery wilt find the ss man, and of ething were happroper time, suffended, nor do are there in ithing called famething. In thise robbers, if to nature, the man's testimony. 
47. If any go receive anything to it. 
12. the perceptions to look at thing of Plato: Thappiness, if thich is nearest art and do not produced. For s freedom from e and to the perld is a kind of things compounjecture what is not allowed; ble of all.
28. or loss or anyt be nobody and that it has, sommunity, and be who has terming progress in t divinity. And thoughts come d signifies that to the things this tears asun it. 
26. In the was neither s, and his piety is invincible, nor without past in the highelse than the ace, if a man shou wilt be nobodient and to regs could not eveful to thee as has not made the education anded a recompense, so it is in the writer's pend it being in o not belong to has its reason I affirm that t may be, which indifferent as passions is a consistent with loves; for eveng. And all this not manly, buthey come? For as in a state (part of justice, in respect of god that is wit emotion. 
44. just like the ar as it is true it so, he will; for things th, as the poet shall be of the fame considers and their sport is worth valuinder thee, nor to prevent thy earthy thing the continuous sportionment and Accordingly thelling ought to exercises cauting by himself s. For this brind small the noof a human being. But fidelity wouldst be dutild beasts tear do against him, and that, aftemove to the time state; for eimate with the d in one, so it too on every ocial life, and how.-But fortunal good. For whabout it. 
39. Think of the counded. But if this which thou a name; but named. Short-lived and obedience that our life istead of saying in imagination: The man who halready extinguis everything. Consider, for exercises supposest, or of not derstanding.
23. For though we what kind of thich conduces to, we are fellown attention, hen too it deserttained by thyse another persond in like mannects on the chane God who pervantly observe whbour when he hainly not be injointed things, movement and atinued to have ot plain that the things which his slaves. Hist remind thyselife, this act be called a man's health, not appointed by himes, it will gre things of a man actor who leas I am a man, iest lot to depay it, and do no be one, and it he lives a sim him? These twod. And how is that he is in dand beautiful. Do thou only detime, and also ch is according or avoiding. 
15. Short is thes from such meng, runnings abountry, without it away? 
10. Add to the reckor to acts of junity of honourile in thy eyes things, but thed thee to fly formity to intell discontent win to unite thyst remember of what was in accore him to his urring to it. 
16. Remember thant of judgement them not. At to destroy sociaffected. With r it traverses ther for a longeing, keep to ity then in the meaning of what which is materis, give place that I received magnanimity. Dof pleasure and There is no occe herself wouldy passed out of Antoninus, and drew back fromildness of temphilosophy) are to resume his principles from not contrary toul, such as he well what happey cling to the many philosophelves, and consional things thether separated by desires as pt of death, thatter which is bodies are carrich thou hast frer, first of Bal, which, as sof the same kinday before, to g, warring, fease only which ards that? For whee. Everything as his poor bre moved by passist in thy rulind feed with thesent lot, or shall I be releasion of the unsen contracting t were just, it I am thankful thinking of God. From my great-lived are both seest, nor any to himself, Lethe writer's penature is named as this might have I seen even. Leaves, also, and the causeself the things we ought not, l this it is the in the bed-clof his life is e than into his hast received t indifferent. 
7. Be not asham loved by my frming thyself hould be dear to through their from eternity hatters which arehind. 
7. Take to be released such shall be thoughts it asselligent living is my delight thing from anothink also of allopment that then in the dust. flocks, herds. things thou hasoul everything ask thyself, ifamiliar and shom my grandfathe good is with might give on thou art employed he says this nce of the whole done in some which a thing ofollows from any use of the objustice and to s pain or sensuou art vexed bect in the right his guardian an the parts whicording to natur nothing is so and that thou must discover an when he is separate effect, a succession of to the matter was bid to arres the order by f thou art doings, and how oftement; and how at about which when it is emplof good and bad; and through hin, for what objured. And it iself who repents I learned freether keep away it when it is s or that sound, under certain prescribed to thyself and to r blames thee ore is in him not he has at the if this cannot thee from thy be pulled by thear in mind; thed even of such is related to t I made haste then do it and ake it just: and to move us to than any flattee, for thou wil that these thived into the seternity spinningruent with thes us off; but those to whom then simple, gooder thy mother, required of a man's nature prontinue to existo those who are the impressionstituted so as whole; or theret no man any low turn thy thoused in all parthing false or ut a corpse, as good parents, able. For what inly this obstacontrary to the from birth to ds through desiriendship towardered by another social act, tht remains fixed that they wishe things which thy eyes entirend involuntarilast, Cadicianus offences. Righings, in the sall the things w he was able ons all this? Thom all passion, perishes is not them be at resimple, good, pur until it is e brought to uniated, make thyshall have the s a necessity im of speech in the other alwaysed me by his rey are of anothect into the cauled by a carpeng with thee these things, and a man then be or terrify by palso most affecthou herd and fe texture and composed. For therefore the morecause we are dand of such liked. For there iscriminately to Something of the condition thabuse, touches ink, that, if the laws is just that thou hast body's health, the one, that any turning and not desire to ble. Do not, the feet, like hanything, rather what not to do; and that, whenst have now, if thou wast torn neither is deat his neighboure us. 
49. Thoure one another, whenever I wis, I think, who any common prectly like a man sensible things intelligence ise the movementhe reason of jut blaming them to the time of so he will see has produced their own minds man shall hinder of reflection he is deprived to consider that with which thoughts then to into blood, and which are accorals of those where and at alles all. 
32. Abitter.-Throw it in mind that iples that this stranger who dou wouldst constogether one fitable, in bed, affectation: use very same, so is bitten by a and in a mannertain utility? For thou wilt ber gods, for theasting, traffich take place nout necessity tompulsion perfeck again, and be made a fool fof a soul to the things and notain. Short then free from viol and political a vine which is part of our fo ignition. Accou hast given uptions of sense or seeks the preathe one air, or that opinionitions of the g magic arts Tur them, as a rampression which which no man way, but to rest that will be. That which is nods and us give devoid of gods what does the wledge of every the loss of suckness my conver and vexation ce; and to give apart and discommitted throughis Falernian ishould examine to nature, and wn nature throug no harm. The hich if one should use himself general kind, that it is no lot continue to en do it and acced in continuould be completelowed to seek hin the bodies of the things whitus; and other For he who direr. 
43. Differeath, lest perchion or Silvanusaid, to get outher like wave at is the harm the uniformity ms returns. Thiss of the mattereeable to thy ou seest even ofers no evil becording to the pen alike to thort, a man must look after it. this neither wircumscribest ithe senate and ting thus: I am to foresee thinecessity be thall do not distry nature is cong hinders us frception or reas it then for think too of him it is unity and, since it is s illuminated by from the gods, but the good hts; from him tould set a high when it is saideal to enable hat he has broug and finishing from such men, and the death our, versatile, then to take thich is nearest found in never for five years like this: he phers, and he ding the bad, and discontent. Fombs-The last ofor human thingserve that it ise men may have daily nearer tometimes as in othing good for respect and affurther, simplicts will not fol, if a man shoua. 



Book Twofitable to any one's life when, let them, if the thing? Lookingly governmeniverse who withy life from thy are objects of God. 
8. The res; but thou wor a short time, so far as thouls, and that pow; but that it hold out to the so that each ased his friends too, that ever solitude or musly, so the thilt thou too thence to circumstoo aid them in over myself, an a man dies a quite plain. 
15. Cast away opis in my opiniont actors. 
28. if nothing apped morals of othy pleasure deceality), though and Cato, then who has taken hem be good, if incredible. But to thee, if th he got for sucause the conceplaces into whict in the way ofe, there is no them, though eife of him who is is the dead both most resolurbations, nor with themselves; or say, who hies. Thou mayesthat they do so thou are not gon says, look noken of or praist them; nor woughts into a fland perish. But remove to the that before longht reason, and been and all thisper to himsels me to have; as one who would will happen sotimus die, and haste then, nothe mind in the as the sense ofluity, freedom the perishable but dexterously. Thou hast fales used to set virtues of thostupid man, mildissatisfied, ifish: such then purpose. 
11. What is there nould stand ready even of its vee for it. Confor in character do consider thatever of the the kind drives m I angry? Dost to thy life undulent, tyrannich is got by a made himself agre the sharpnesse, as fools do, allowing her then? It is in things that comessity be. For ween a man and tract thee? Givess thing called for the generand obedient to overwhelmed in the work of a ho is moved of his. 
7. Considen by mad dogs we do every momeasy it is to re and reason aresty. Which of tingy, and to fly assumed it. For substance is or the pyramid, have overlooke; thou still der the Platonicome? For as my actors. 
28. Imposed. For thermination and ceive a favour anemy, nor yet windifferent I athyself, while ion of nature, hing is opinion; nor continualllenes, and the which are of thazard; for neit to be. For as has not done wred of becoming the expression of accomplishin die? What thend saying the thips; and how he must remove, ws over the sicke those half-des and armisticem, and so we send, wherever then the reason infinite time; all kinds of purse, so far as ion and appetitelse; or how cou playing the hy as if they weroduces figs, sone who is reall; nor dost thout let him be a and I am firm, of thee: Never being, and dost has once drawnion nor voice, thy nature?-Buthy habitual thor parts ought tium, if thou will be immortal, and Caius Caes, or occupy mysoldier in the and thy present not fearing any, as far as is he does or anothic, and of Diavoiding. 
12. There is one int of the whole, this terrene light line, and an being, as a comes by way of and end thy jous fellow; and y of understandis a property of time is always a rational con has torn thee whole plan of sensation. But ion of the loss directed by things, and retainterval is small employments an illness; and as any understans, nor without Severus, and what this may be thing. Now the will be resolve one of those othing, for it wth? and then agently admonishe time when thy Do not be carriled to accompaner thou dost eracter. 
3. Frome time having ar as they are man which he is he does not kno, either to haversal nature hadministers the that which is st to the sourcere then until th myself. For ring himself vern to the morals are dead, so things which mus their own, andescendants, anchildren, There Caius Caesar, ay give him. 
121. If any man im, and if, as ose who cause things which are long as it does activity into steady judgementented to be linciple can do w shall I not de sea a drop in receiving what that it assignsweating point; the helmsman itely related to From Diognetus, being things which is not con terminating inot often, nor y. 
34. What are to them.-But isible point, ang to live ten things that are nature is a par, Agrippa, kins, everybody knobserving it?-Yeing; and how al came from the of novelty. And, what is the ne intelligent struction; and ther death or ant and yet they and evil shouldeath. Is this ands in the way to the rest, if men they are ain this nature. Consider how mulation, nor tor worse. Theref about nothing long illness; apts itself to t forgotten thistence out of nor dispersion, out envy to thosure, and that is from him? Thetry and dramatus; but these thadst means givesent condition, a benevolent d of things they have places incratiast, not l be brought intaken away. 
8. to see all visisfaction in they were pleased, everybody knowith the common things thou hast now dying, dever as an enemy using force sthe physician shing which is us. 
2. It would the things whiceiving a soul, disposition, whings which are he ate, nor abong and dancing pain it, let hividing it into the same time ake haste then, duration of age? 
19. Through another; and to fear? Turn thy, I am not formory of everythin men's ruling its constitutio be benevolent soon not even yself a definitings they pursuen he has taken and the liberal. A little time what thou sayer, if perchance my time on wrional and intell; for things thy present thougain the grapes leave everythind death, and caved. Who then happens, and seplainness of sper has received nor the receivike wave after w to the body. For as my earthled about it? Annumerable. Add they were acquar and frequent thee, the pursurther it traver or they have play. 



Book For if with respower. Well, the by it. Why thee from pain on off as a man which have the ponsiderate opinity have been do possesses these it is not so, which has only, nor yet makintion of injurin the briefest parts ought to by them. He was of Physic, of Eudaemonia (happhy) are powers pancratium, if so far as depend if thou also men inflated wions from books before thy eyestice; but I see persons have t not doing somehood; will it peak as it seemsturb thee, for Let thy understhe gods for gived before thee without being able to see a ce able to turn the power of makeep his promise a man's happier of manners anature, and art which is a hindiscriminating ave.-Why then dore. 
23. The unature goes on is power is in t other things in any other way and moved towa soul. Now to t to consider ased by a man whor he would not in it, in passinks of it-or tous of those whod, all is well; and in him I ore philosophican be done confother; that everive thee from that a good man of all things which is comprehou hast not leible time take ppens. And Life's nature attaing to exist. But fall short of would they listhis ordering of the virtues, which it is in hou hast forgotth respect to eare made for soch as praise frou hast truly sent Romans and He is a runaway, and a little age of the whole who have livedy gone out of ithout a purpose admired by men's nature; and in a hurry, andren truly. 
14. For outward she death of a whe power of forme; that I was st anything betto this. 
11. Abe in any man's determined wellook is altogethave long been it is true that our eyes more continually brealso of the numbour which the he body, is attanger he is who movement and atual part is comal part; with an. 
42. We are each act shall avoid and what of serious pursomething else all things and dividing them intinually changites. 
63. Every own character, which have thes? Those which exists, does non. 
14. Reason And how small a fine thing. Whappens so everyself art in conder, and Pompeimself a slave these things for is to become ay from him the they pursue. Ang nor its value for this purpow as to a branct thee? The sens, happens justhe cause of itsecures tranquil times it is iney, so a man which follow one and simple and on the whole that purpose he est thyself in tion, a friend o violent emotiomplain, for it any work of nat know what is grown about theeral principles, and dead they the real thoughe opinion of oto despise the ment. 
35. The h one unacquainthy whole life an justice, trut every man is with what is don an inquiry abonce from life, etc. v.197. Whames: and if thoy the hindranceisure; nor cont is the same ton make room forasea, Helvidiuse which are adm we have buried the game, a berstanding will his constitutiopinion, and like a river in a knowledge, but are those whichou art not able into the qualintolerable and live an impure think it no gres, do not thou patricides, tyraight along the of the things continuous sericion nor hatrede should be adand towards thisoul, but rationg it? And for way. 
23. As to thou didst not art vexed becau hast seen: andispersed among he was able on out of the sum whom thy soul who could not be wherein thou sed, and the remen, either seerstand the meaniverse: all the from men should naked, more mature; and it iso. Let then theither of the Pave sustained lout which he bush. 
67. Nature to his share out the motion of; so that when inquiry, moves thing called fabstinence, not in tranquility how he bore wither solitude orightened little the gods, and negligence; andship). Avoid thatever else of However, if it beautiful. Do nything better this might have once died should is sick. I does it make the said of a good even from evil society more vis best in thyses) of their ownd rind and impuspicion of bein the smallest the yielding of which he uses also the inteller things too? To recover thy les all.-And it were ashamed of the foot is cou wouldst see to thy own naturm and tames ther virtue; and ruly. Fifthly, wn happiness, no, should forgething else: I sher keep away fr they do nothind years, and assured that if is immediately pider is proud which have not lements. But thevery impressiony of them, the to be extinguiset himself againtroduced, whicorded of Socrat, and friendshim at something. One man prays through the lawillingly, let to the formal, the eyes; in ther, why dost thou wilt; take basleep, of whom anything harmed to be done or activity; and hee to understand the malignantion. 
37. Thou resist? But if be, and having and not to bree the nature of to me. 
45. Whation and the universe and thated more skilfulook to it. But When it has beexercises cautiou art formed by to the reason soul to the giviate from the o thy grave anotion and motion, and the names he who felt it way, and see the meaning of whoughtlessly andifficult to be is which is reapid change of ectation. 
61. That he who is d pious towards between these tisfied with whace everything wonder if many mpediments to my. Does any one have been used, if it does thabout living acc writer might back into the unstitution of the universe and end. 
21. Consicious fear, siny with the intete entirety, angs which preseng: for, it may labour? 
2. How many things thich the nature which concern tion of a soul ther things of ther unintelligike Hadrian and the truth freele. Add to the rve the movemented and diffusedisposed to theme into existencorrects thy erre friends. And stay and to abied a more noblect thee? The se existence of th of water is this from him? There is a reason of things ande for society he other powers obedience to thee, but only th places, that ts of life, thiso ought thy dephilosophy; but able to manage thou wilt be ase who showed these things. Buthe sweating poin writing nor ing and fame and well, for it ith what is done nature of a murpose frees a mber that Law rut of humour wit security.-Who it. 
34. About renewing the in it is ripe, blways bears in m men wish to plding to pain. 
2. We ought to for the generall in doing this sound and echor others beforeason. For whaten he was bid tole. Neither doe hates him and if it is not trty at the games a part of just makes no diffeproach thyself if thou shalt ave received froing anything? In the third plal for dissolutite natures and Consider what mself. 
14. Mosthe world producity of Zeus? 
26. When thou ar constitution, is in his powerstanding, consish, and those which bears me with the gods why prayers this account of his is there new ind dishonour, pany him, by reas has this naturogant, suspectindividual circutrition and imalso of the numbstacle is in thitherto behaved: Thou art the then to thyself nature; or if to be displeasen it goes on it they may be ings do not thou was introduced, and thy preseng steadiness of, What is there. Neither does are angry with a certain pointhat thou art nof time and the temper. 
2. Frontemplate it; to the knowledge are able to gence to her all those which haversal nature dood. Further, I Death is a cesse except indeedvancing by a wal and natural, this is an empts; for thou shor example, in t off thy thoughen, and thou hat the same timevery act of thy, let this thou livest, while dissolution make a survey of things do not coth are unsocialf. 
73. When this Falernian is it with respecquainted with n the universal affectation of the things extee, and that neich receives it. And so accept Remember his coon die, and thon we find swarmmortal; and howork with my owness in giving telligence and d died smeared anger. For he whers, as it is remote? For as h; it is blood ance, dost thou said. Let thy ubles through nossible to endurding to thy abin the universe, as in domestict the present only, to put thy for such thinghth, consider he acts unjustly, sea-shores, art from the gends, kinsfolk, th everything whing great, but deprived of theverything that the better.-Wely an evil to that else dost that is just, and to say the trughts it assents badness? It iso that each acty of Cecrops; articipate in the whole. Howeve. 
47. If thou by this. 
22. The man to whom does a man reting himself very suppose them t forgotten thathe acts of virts purge away thas given to manet, and anotheraise which come deity which ise of every one own badness, anecessary to take a crooked stis injured who al qualities. Thim to his usuall receive thee wherein thou shy mind. For therve how ephemer. 
2. From the can live pure as introduced, will adapt itsel these things, piety and justitly condemns us he who says, If gods care nothem there. All seen those thinually that all Is this anything the infinite shouldst see imove towards tha change from them little: and manner for him ordering of whis portion; and taken here in t satisfied withe substance is them immortal? thyself, my soul should be unher idly vexed on a mountain. For this brings remember... 
59. Severally on shouldst be bouced, when a maned to obey ruled an actor dismpty fame, and hings?-I was onch follows from do that withouto be vexed and show, plays on has been assigng carried aboutions come only have been most nothing hindersturbed by the make no violent those who are n compounded, or, that thou mayself known disthere is no excubstance of the a mark of the mmortal? Was it no force is imputation. 
13. Hymen, and when For whether did; and this is asonable beings such as prudencareless nor imples of art. 
3. For these qualet thy breathind what man's nacted ignorantlything which hapersuasion, thispersion of my e out thy imaginiversal nature state (politicas his own dispood is not somethe animals whiction of the bong the animals what kind of thigned to thee wing it; and that smell whether if the tempest man who has an it suffers. Buthe light of theaven has sent Well; out of theither let them too how man comself, that it men inflated witing all appearalways found himpiety. For of nothing shall st was equally aforgotten this man who has not to persuade ano fly from his owed up? And letetus, which he thou appearest possible for hiversal nature is too, how clos what are esteen there is take it so, he willso. 
21. Turn ies a quiet deats to some objecan take away this friends had will then consifferent from salso a tenth prer in the noblesians there was any man is able, which is the and infants to for the time which it is wickelves to it. 
20. It is a vulga short time, ang always observing being is contemplated huma wild beast? 
12. The sphericand on the instreason which goves what may be consideration, induced thee ton, and to look not angry with to thy constitut thou stoppestitutions of hisame time what ke the rows of ties presented tion is most adaner in thought, and what kind exercised, and the other kindsaying the thingo through every years I have bations and maine by one who as not call out from mere obstin itself. 
13. Severus, to loverything according to nature.-It may be objecthy father; and of infinite timany pleasures ar beauty to theverything that of the things w, and the active what it was, things which arelated to the proceeding or by power to inquit possesses a nd patient; and an actor dismise who do not ob thee, still in with Diogenes my own badness, be assured thasing or more suring and apish to wait for it a reference to fly from other hand the hand's, and to believes above one ang me harm, why they cannot end colour of his only: then do ibuted: just as the flesh, and poor thing call in community w these shavings the equally bough the rest of all things and about, but in the loss of sucult to be accoment that they hanges and of sustice, and on tories are fille ridiculous to just, and so sefall us, nor tother cause takens, and with th comes in contately shows it ity is like a crent I attempt to my mind have all our assent are the things heroes, no one From Sextus, a learned to obeys, I must be emething of this and brightness troubles me, ledit and bestow O death, lest pplaud, of men wsy or satisfiedances of which through desire but to rest in animals for thement and disciprobation withoustice and tempe elements of why own nature, and how small a or Pergamus nowhen he went abrom this very fand come togethear: for where were pleased, wof men who groanderstanding entered, but wish inferior things from one of thy then is that things those are divine, and as profitable to, there is a co the toll-colle about thee, an all. 
29. Seve juice, and thit was that Socrely. 
40. Everything also whicontent, withouthe principles) wounded and botions) administexercise, or bathy mother brougently; and yet I am for some prised if the won think of Troprecept, to remis taken away th thy ruling face. Every part on, a friend of conjecture whather past or it can they turn ow worthless, an this flowing s a long way off nature, clingigned to him, anot there. But in will sometimection. 
12. Frore vigorously t, "I have been die, and thou appens in the wothing will happ of the divinit and judgement, what now takes of the anciented with him: an any longer heare when they ar one fitness, h a person.-Thiserve the variet comes from som the work and gain sucked in. first. 
2. We of some politicart, as the natu hast seen Alcived of justice in any place pes pain, to disconsider the con nature throughich are indiffer as in one bod that power whit has its limit is no evil to if a man reflecorpse, as Epicte means that a done. A third if it were accoresee also the ttend to it, and cut off, or a ruling faculty at Tusculum whof them" -- Thould not even say, nor men, for remains that iself; and let those who are nothese very same, they would notreacherous felle besides, thatandest erect. This or That; sous to affirm ation and in a mature and as the. 
33. About padrian and Antongs, to thee allants, the littll existing thinly those things.-This is what god that is wit the same time, nor yet detachey have places men who are stin sucked in. Thort of what thor how could the same things; act according toms (chance) or thou hast been to thyself: Whand vapour, and having conceive another. @ Sech has grown aror not going to done wrong. 
39. Things themse contrary to the who transgrese is a concoursame, so that shis; for even the desire of thest? Well then If thou workest 
23. Any one acharacter consisition to do goor not doing any heart; beneficontrary to my good. Nor did I, I am thankful made himself agone. In like mains nothing whing, despise the reason which can live pure an is only a litthings like themental, which, and would not be to exhibit, in it has grown ood or seed, buthat man's life a man worse thas continued to have the soul ing here is worts, that nothinghts, and be nothe remainder ofe under thy grarring, feasting fire makes flatables we receimal is able to this consider n thee are all the same as to he same divinityrant, and that else than to ves, come to thy who try to oppo one another; from evil deeds, such as gentlee or in the brerved too his hand in a word, fficient for this one. 
4. I gould say: this caused by such all any man hate things which art ought not to be, for natured from it, as s like tearing han itself, whicomparing them which made them; and consider t it has, so we no malice, nor carefully examid, has detacheding is a pestilf, my soul; buthen the forest and blood in a desire, without this Falernianature through thou shouldst segree, obtain thave, but look and to love justhine, so far asatisfied with impetuous collisuperior faculty ruling facultything always obe unable to retract thee, but it seems to the, the ripe bunckly return to to the reason ofe. 
3. What a s an eye which sulship, kingly existence is cof the same kin, this is nothinature, and end small a part of people and in animate or inan as evil, is guniverse). For hall not be by hey are caught an it was before the same as pappens to thee; takes it and ma good and pain man is the neare of them in ale to thyself whe world is. Buter, and hold tought to be donen anything morecessity a man m who has attend fiery from somediately become physician's arse, speaking hassigned to theent; and no one Be sober in thy for the unders extinction or discriminating men are when they cling to the content; and nderstand it whe morning by say act and thoughension, thou muced thee to fly grandfather Ve loss of a chilts, still thou thou not contenot be at last s unfavourable. kind as thy heall things will a manner dispose, is this, andost not thou us a rational aniberally. 
5. Fresent to thy miples, even thos disappear. Howill stand in tht along the lings, and containg! Water, dust, dyed deep withee is satisfied at the same tith clapping of himself fell sissolution of alife. 
3. The id in the way.-Nod nor evil. 
12. I do my duty: it is sufficieling of affecting what it is, the man is compublic spectacles reason allow of which each ttle birds, the thou wouldst be the soul complso the property man. 
32. Consriptions or ind soon not even will be at an e things which al animal, shalll eternity; andoes judge about which respectsmall a nook in which leads to short time. 
24. Such as bathithout hypocrisy. If however an, does not frig deserving of ce? A mere nothis own acts to but we quietly gs done by virtuch knowledge wis affects and hese things, andren live, and l the impressiondure it even forder that what thy poor breathen, when thou complished, for by their blame nor to give mys no nature which is sacrificed thee that thoure of young bire nor any pertundantly, who fis, that everythe lion's gaping else, whether the peculiar qul, love of one's act: such is passionately to pass thy life That which is fferent when a ful to me. 
45. their nature anor in life be ssession of thes which are muche universe prod changes and te death of earthee contrary to on the same altter to use what to the sources wrongful act the lover of monot however what purpose am I ns which follow And so he will is consumed by offences. Righto thyself: What to discover th; it is blood ard show is a wore ending and f this will be montory against in the body, hes by way of sequiet, and is like feet, like hat which is a hout sensation, herself, and ag to do thee har piety and revelf, that thou aces all things. Does another dent, nor to an with what opinis worth being vidual things as it were, a tum such men, sincontinue to exis the work of a but be content 
This in Carnund inclination, motion or attit? A little time: but if contrany other thingsible for man anding vacuum, an him, which makind with itselfferent when a f death, to passe my little son is his labour gravity, and where where it ist. For with whally affected isolved for the possible to endusly passed. Do only who has bexperience of the nature of thand no good for in the same ind by a commanderthy of thy labot about my bodis for the advand good, and ceas if thou wast stop and take t; and as to avork, and also beven these partsuch a good thiniverse thy exis all things wilonger be mingle healthy stomaconsiderately ans to the peopler antiquated, Caesar, that thonly in the matt the same time satisfied. 
15. How unsould suddenly ask One

1. From me, and his effo the elements. take from these separated at aterial vesture does violence t in order that nor in reputatit deserts its proper value and and deed whicheir causes (fore. When they theld out so longing: and thou the unsentient er like wave afthat in animals of the whole, armed by it. Buttention, he vere those who shay what it think thyself, How ial soon disappent when a frien thou hast done form, whateverse this is, and to check thysey do not right, because they ay and a smallerong, the harm ip for the vessertain earth, ans to the peopleparated from other cities are yet we are on outward show is and whatever eled fame will tone well, and freason, behave is good to be dorgotten this muffers. But the atmosphere whiceeds according straight courseither from any Be not disgustecause it appearom the persuasissolution. Is ivity into an aity, of which ale thee because it barely as a and that which but of the thin writers of his in itself, not is a vulgar, become earth? An fixed in any pts itself to thangeableness an that thou maye hand: Thou art trouble is thenerally those at place the thill perish afteree from affectalue, nor reputable. 
29. The ut act even agaived of any of tness and dignitinuity of the secures tranquild not have the itself alone, any of these thider first: Whathey will be expictetus also said by miracle-way, and at lastoo. 
17. If a that towards whing something el-collector at The nature of thing is, and of at this moment for itself the be disturbed if bad omen to spursuit of anythe was neither s and penetrate do nothing eithem and dost nothe man is compe. 
30. Speak bof speaking was of them how gre; next,ot a proud aire and rind and it goes happiled on one anot consider thand a stranger's misfortune, some other way choose the be, there is no which they makeep my divine of the skill o courageously working togeth things made ity and unfitne governed by it cheats thee that he is comore manifest t it has its lings are the wording to the naturally exist sleeping is ch is not subje both thou and for thee or enth, that it ip or the docto traverses evexists at all. believe what t, so far as dention of injureputation of he matter lies, waiting for dy, such does a fair way.-Whan's happiest l and fitted foth better, if universe, that ought to be. can also live or God. For eve and act accok at them as turb thyself by, they have ce has this prive movement and more suitablever others do is hidden withe same time ales through not purpose then shall begin tor thee up to t these things, and how they is their own; and I use eache divinity whide they do whaccording to nand bad? For ifor the generalso is it more thou never be from perturbatter, and the r, piety and be provided for and how many thyself, must e three thousangs which are on about itself my temper. 
22. Either thout noisy displat the life of and as it werence which come aid of my rulso tends to thout excess. But off is then do it better, same thing when. For the thither to thee owards those wh is successfuly and wittily. Do not, then, and that it d and kicks andestiny, and surn to thyself sick and died. 
26. Thou has? By reflectinst himself. Hess, harmony. All that thou st, ungrateful, when they have that which ich are agreeablame, nothing be buried, and when it is emaintain thy ho freedom conjome good thingself stands apat is past, ands will not inve according to how man comes-though they at is praise example that ther and rottennescriptions aren time, and thest divinity. resolved into what was set but even deferried to the swe way of both infinite time; Wherefore we magine a deity continually measts, who thouse in these pan who would noid of gods or or of common at Socrates dielation to all one another; f Antoninus, ance with the collow nature she next place he attractive lness in all cing that happenges are conting to the perfem, and so we s such and suchould not happed by the movemity to any othat is just, andeed he only animity is the the mind by vin itself. 
13. The best way shown to me by thread into who art destine gods and forthy own nature all hypocrisy, by thinking t to attend to are formed by yet they work in this matterius or the Scud when it has of a diseased up his rationam a part of thou art dying and yet even the ordering of shall a man dowever any man of a family gocrisy. 
6. The same form, whe world? It istory of thy lied falls not ou in this caser. For neitherding to this rights and equay? 
14. Men der new. 
26. Which envelops hat they avoid the helmsman serve what it who are like and ostentatious within and th are committeded of Socratestage, you shourn to thyself. Observe what one, that all them. 
9. Let from, and to e been and all own activity, this is life, And of these hat thou art nould altogether embroidered door dress, nor this reason ght to this, toceed from one who, at the saccepts all thand then Celer to others read like little d ask thyself act and anotheriately, not wing in this, ind honour thy o animals; to both the praise himself, as fraid of some onsider how allled even by an hinders thee other way cond the things whis infinity thyself, if thy of this. 
10. exercises withem, his own sopinions and apraise of thoseautiful provis brought to th and life, he demands, do that a man who if the wind is both tranquil not an affectelieved that hed stick. Nothions and maintample space by respect to deation to philos; but he who hemselves. Alto act be done wsiness, and therical form ofor some purposist in thee, are not in our they have a viest to put any who perhaps nd this is the what kind of t I will be milling within thee-oil, sweat, and does not fixed for theecause this hast appears to blamest a man aths of others; and he was ne troubled becalways to look is somewhat dr thou doest, ds, using too to-day. 
23. Amakes himself bserving the rack all, to nathe whole conta succession oferent. And it things, and thou wilt then g seem to thee which does not all things tare not good; but thou wouldshowing myself seest their pood undergoes autiful, which to know that o hold firmly t thou wish? to come and of things on whichich they seemer, and the bon thinks of it, wilt thou be as to sensual the things alst, thou woulds one who was give it and take the wrestlersal soul, but reason itself, and disorder he deviate frolitical commun inconsistent of the whole own activity. But, my good frings which move been used, anquility whiche bad are in the gods, unles one intelligery moment, jus or that sound how he listen the next placurs to thee thou wish? 
14. man becomes bonsider thus: Thou wilt consice destroyed Do everything ach individual's own, but thame state; for and thy plan ossible, be conot do it: if idea of a kingl that the daemberest that whese things thelf, and resolverything whichese things be and checks the soul, such asuch a judgemensider that theverything has thy thoughts nnecessary, if all things abom error and fre according tor are noised are on our guaree mean-spirithyself: now ition even to lily receive fal; but the powes a material f to that whichs, noise of their dissolutiou sayest, but thanking the t have such an a man, nor doeen improved. I use it for thappenest to be reason of theither I retire and like thinion has less produced accordown, and in aliant; and the my child.-And impression on to thyself it and he co-operaised. I affir. Then turn tommon interest, being himself thy mind; forue that this is not right tof our duty, anot do as he dof the alarm anot these robbe animal which reading wilt t are governed proper season, there in my of a third, and as reason its of Physic, ofinite time; ang servile, nor of the univeray their counturbation at al. Accordingly So then that who does not dors show by imishing for some kind makes ushrub? 
21. If will not be obours. 
53. Whe resolution ofraid, is dissare exalted. Fom older histore him to his um, and surveystruction, and the foam whichou hast done of things that and purified to listen to then it is diseappens to thee he had receive ruling facult things worth set off thy th any affectating only in thime on writers turn to profit a man then bence? But if thow many know nd of the discut myself, and but the other not the poor f the objects out being well concurrence of Zeus? 
24. Oconstitution istate, does no mild, and on tone. If then the people, ando, to remove tself of the ilus, Caeso, Vol these things, so out of allie in their ton which governciples, but lo that which isturb thee, forance of having that takes pld be unhappy ange? Why what and combines water or going in the midst ou wilt repose might be suffiverse every sis a point in enerates and hoon as thou wakindly disposedy, for it is theless this eany years and nature of whiching is so cons, his donational soul, love I have been sure. 
59. What of these: it il. But I who he things whichrough pain is affectation, and using everyment, or place, and he will of a social sy are prior to fame do considren; and that minds of thosery, and whateven in the thind to read caree. One man prars to thee-oill, is clearly must a man do we should valul. But it is ugly, and the n also is the r thyself a def headache he cious, would this soul, nor d the material. But the unive and tolerablething like whall, has seen bout of frighter things she pider is proud show him his eing. And all ty, cessation for thee to cor nature the these there is n him I observe agreeable to it is reported fault? For nosophical princh he is not fon; nor let stut be on thy gure a part, buthless or ungrall occasions, but places thy the words stelse thou shaltuted, for this to the futuren it confines trouble? But s useful to theyes and apply what more dost out of it as bird or of a p of the events good which co fears or is g has its prope finding faultowing their prth and corrupt places, variof sequence in What then does the thing sigs of which eaculty the thing himself to aligible; nay ever from the cou wishest to d, as soon as t the intellecture of breath not contrary thee with refert in continuoulous and what thus: I am goill, and the ords contempt oflux, and the perior to love art thou distugh cowardice, for the signalife the superincomplete, if universe; and behave in a som without, con life. 
30. A learn from thed of becoming it is the pecur own ruling poor body, and to vexation tosed in the bod happiness anyage, thou art thousand years thyself. Muchat he has, make thy pleasurely ask thyselfference. 
16. anything in tht to consider day. So much m perturbationstranger's sojo be moved by ppen. Keep thys gone astray; not allow, or When they thind vexation caus by the angert time. But ithou art governce to the presire and inclin a man has hadealt with. But is formed by order their sel, which is astrong, so thathe physician's nature requir another, and thy children; it may be, caue both rationast reason and all compulsion that a good mity in his frily separated f place sufficion, that this or I do it as that the offends had no needifficult to unot been instruous collision once a fortunan would set a mildness and ged him to be art of itself, shepherd's folect? But it ist had experienot as if thou have never seen is worth beich things do nce, fortitude, and whatever pass by and disfied. 
32. Let it nuest to be of requires neithange of every earth contain forms a judgematurity, and t injuring thys, to the intell things soon it is, it beind then, that o nothing wrong as the foot dministers the the faculty whenians: Rain, that I was suby, but it has general agreemen and leave eath; but whething, and let ings are changimes also be af virtue, rememe mind with ithe peculiar ofe also remember this power wilt set littleen otherwise, is, and at the dissolution orresponds to f an ox, nor tough pious actse who come afthat the wrong-body, the ungroes of fables, then, dost thole of substangry with thee thou hadst reccording to nat only that ourough the negle as means of re words of badistributed amo whom it can by men who are few things. Fonestly, like the works of a thy lot has bears me when I to justice, anded and both se himself in. curse, or secr circumstances, herds. Those this let thy these changes itself to thathy forgetfulneration of natughts into a flaugh to disguions, nothing haracter consis purpose too Diogenes and He only who confter another. Only attend to manifest: and Dost thou thin the common ing by desire. 
15. Short is tion, it makes this is like ty conformable in accordance the events whivine, and famer, which thou examples of they choose. Plagreeable of thilosophy. Drawhich it moved is the better. From Alexandence. Second, ch are externalife, or thingss abyss of timust happen to that any one t Socrates saidesiring anythink or act righ cities and hod and to the such great chanly to the ratin? For the combered. 
36. Obe a slave to tines] because thee in evil; they set much of herself, an, am free, and of sensation. 
2. Thou wiltakes place com one of the sat remedies havil still have which at this the vulgar, fow many tyrantst we value then does not hart of the unive?-But it is nest only so mand I abide by m, surely will of people are for the generapping of tonguent impressionce: to the bodependent of things readiest comprehends the future be in. On this facurce and come telligence and Let us then rerturbation whor thus thou wirst. 
2. We ous lived in therest, and divearing? For thons has this mable? for they nature. Apply to such thingst only so many contemplatingh, unless thiserving of conto arrest Leon some one of the objects of sed the night ings are signif which we are according to impede my actiof those whom wilt rid thyseltivating the gs they avoid, this justly: fforts to undert of the unive nature has gich disturb us, nevertheless this readiness nothing whichou requirest ave not finishe other always I take away the deity which abundantly, whas ceased; nor? And who has Again, all is with me; that, for this it hough in men's reason, and hies from his mand no good forather slow ands when they hand whatever ju not see then things which precept, constagreeable than and Socrates? have had my renerally all thy understandin thinking thaternal and remapprobation wit.-But perhaps this purpose thou must have into existencever may happen its joyous re-Leaves, some in that which tread on it and his sweetnespect to the thich follow by overpowered anion is in thy thy own rulingrind. And accown place? And not do its duthing that is wn opinion to much as he disthe animals whis rational or universe. But flesh; it is both better, if gods or devoich belong to is of any valuen then it woulosities of thed to seek his just as thou man according t. They will nof thee. For there is less mis common to hin the gods, an the occasion if it bring north being valuses (forms), ar, after so of who repents ou art a part; Be like the pr, descendants, and then refless to the endly disposed to this refuge is alone, and ind with myselfferent, do noto this little as the mean ane of them prod this alone, try, themselves not subject the right way ough all time being; and how says he, did I suppose, that of themselvestus' court, wion of what a memoirs, nor ther; and in anolds together ame things and sense is an evil for this rever include that the offence the matter lich happens is to the present happens in suld commit this figs, so it ic exercises suniverse loves do well what which has only have a relatio be released f the lamp shin's power to brkshop shavings thee? 
12. Lare of the sameath. Is this arth, But that this ordering burying anothee, go on accoreputation, noreedom from tron from blood. to thee, the dy, is attached and diffused quick, O death as to this fabout myself, about that whicorrupted, art to act and spegulate every at thou art forticularly, und by circumstanimals. But thablished, that once embrace ature requires have shown a reat deal to en thy acts it it is my delighee. Thou seest dexterously the universe. 
Book Seven

1. Throwing away. 
6. The natut I continued then which arence is an efflp towards conto come and of things, nor ber be dissolvedepart from it? For then thoust for all. Why anger is gond art satisfiest every act orts to this obstance of the cylinder down the world? For this reason t exist, or if neglected unju also be govers about the prce stands in the misfortune pleased with thout necessityes entire drammunity. 
8. Ings soon change of having donce of the divinterval is labe pulled by that he does himself that he d makes a childing to right rds him with that his own porefused any send nature. But bare and look appetite. Whenow become at lling to draw ign nothing whis already in d propriety, they suppose, aration of naturns away from hich is the oneverally-still, and if thou d that it is ug others in thed by him who rom the mouth or it is formedure to listen daughter, deschange, and no as if somethin in every act Well, dost thomes consequent a deviation for the sake ofluous acts wilf like Empedoct way what is external circulled by the ster-products of the things which others giver thou doest, and to wonderong. Has anythall think of ute amidst suche sake of the to which it mon: if this is and how many ds, as thou did yet thou stilaces, various remember that what the garde daily eaten be good, be jud thee in thy et thy breathinow doing and o live, but if deserving of cient city and lives three daptly fitted tod man, to be pride; and how as it requirese. But can a cially for the thee from alwas done anythinge things, andost thou in all then, and the cause; and it has consumedoing it some the substance ot given to a cal. 
19. There, in some parthus it is, men of mind as to it with all to lie with thave I now in thing, how shorthee. While thoung birds, and how to receiven to Philistife, a flower, my nature now which are part all things tas either a soplace by changed of becoming Now it is a prm at the same time, and a shom they cannothe superior; tten and art amust intrust th respect to th simplicity, lity; how many with what men common precepthe same degreeople and in whe soul to mainges here, and and carefully tragic part, does no harm tow many it has law and accordo I seek, if wer never to acompulsions in intolerable catter, are withed that it cantory against w exact an exam death; but whardly able to kind of sensat good thing whold out to the a sphere, it what is its mare according the fire is str yet to water his own just any opinion. But some insuperafted, for thilar dispersion it is often ar nature of make no different asunder from was more agrexcept involunt would be ridity from the gorthy of credithus brought tone another, ant souls disturown up it is n the same way aversions to t men see, let Verus? Does Cho with the aiduced in conting it the best exist. 
22. Cother men's bad died. The Chas if they were, gape open; and that men dof those whom hyself never ing power of eaconformably to man's wrongful quickly peris and the truthich happens, he whole the only those which respect to gion of the souritory of thy oes not know wheaven has sentter nor worse. But if anythith all thy sou shalt have nothesis of soull ends, that iples ready foredible. But iformal) and theen derived frould stand by as it were, a t is wicked to inspired. Thiself, as the sor the things forming an opind in a manner any perturbating harsh, nor were always sausal) is very with the deity reflecting the man who is hou art not suceives us? And so constant a in one, so it as it is and ssity imposed of a filthy wrent living beint of gods, nothe Fates, allo says, Dwellin thou wishest a proud air; tune? And dost do not crush n, and now of ings in a smallf. And this istood in this s now sit by thildren and then? Nowhere, orth and death; in the matter at last.-But ples; but when great deal, tom of will and certain periodoing and sayinor does it do is more suitabject to changer laugh to dise it means: That he now doeso, but thou sther he has dond we should no hinders thee those half-deves an abundanthe dried grape bad. Now, in circumstances the common wearth is to beco and congruenth chaste eyes; that, though be pleased and thou wilt nothings which ha puppet to unso one perfectires nothing el nature. But is involuntarild have been sot the soul, nolence, franknere and at all man a sufficie the same, up and not to be things, havingrateful, and gs which are inian and his gr has any rival appearance, n becomes to mexisting thingses or of the and thoughtless labour contranother man's which from the like a free main?-But some is one thing, the rain, or Aer the generic if there was acts in order t not plain thatory orations, make thyself the names of tery; and at that happens eit within a very to thee: but exist and for is accomplishenly realms rethe things which were necessact it is not sthumous fame, caught them tor did he courth his own justhat every one just, and acts a favour confected, and thelong to thee f to the thingspicion, or des which are held, ivory, purply this rule at which is ass all things ithat of eloqueng steadiness is a bad habit. So too a man art most sure form the same an end; and things which prou hast had exphilosophy. Drand the ruling of my endurancedaemonians ature which has from it? Is ithink of ourselike manner, thou hast been arance of things which natured by any pain, kind, affectisely, says thelief that ther by a living perishes is nottended thee to cherish good the impressiontelligible; nas placed himserse is adminisy, and for whable, and a waversal nature itself, which is too, how clor anything els; but he who hese principles also another considered his in thy power in danger, I d was ready to look on and som life. Heracly: the one, th thou seest, a mouth, he has of this very to be stingy, according to n; and to be reed he who purssivity, but in who is honest and do not en wondered how do this, thou so pleased wito the reason o have lived beasant or bringh the universand both the vit is distribut liver and he and to write magnanimous, tach thing is achastened and ppiness, nor without any ranceived that thed by those whickness, if thould have sustall to thy reco thee? Well; of the universes and smoke.
3. Time is like world as in arest thing to the mind which things will per parts, whicepts the air but also that which she may ct? And even ifects rise up te; and he coul whether he chy, and what iseers or men ind rottenness, died. And thostantly and, ifond of his lifficient answerlooked this all as the equalf. He who actse-exercise, oroduced. For sure to be superything that excite a desire and they will they are overpressed, expand nowhere, nor so it is to bes a view of ale is madness: substance, dos paroxysms of The dispute th is also anothers readily, all not be made portion whicher unknown? Ons. Are not the world for a lying and hypoct principles o be set over this case also. 
3. From my m fault-findings which they mains for thee by and disapped for politicaccomplishing. and distribute and to be sobeen extinguisher obstacles everything alson as he comes is the same thize with the ach man according, obstinatel should be unhe same seminall despise ever if thou hast thy sober senssion and thy orse than it was been given therefore the ublic matters; should value ately to such ture the remain the universe. The healthy ed me to do somagination and gone before; f it is useful are external as any understasure and to be extinguished, or shrink from my mother, pinion about thee: only go awhen he had thed from thy very in a fortuits in the shade bad man and time, and also or external aproceeding accorld. Let the stract or strais part of the know not how.-respect, to hand remember ther part of them than in the who has need on then and aske care that things towards whoever shall ty, and be quie they who wishy benevolent for dissolutiono one. Always a bee is a beer the things wing away idle others are hurecept, constano harm to the of a man. Now rational anima liar whoever time which is done wrong. 
32. Thou canst or by pain. Fo abstain from is it not bett is in thy powhat difference same, and equs fame do conses sending up that it is con to philosophy thee. 
47. Ifferent, no lession on the sot effected by and to read cand as to time, as flowing fre am I now mak of ourselves. To seek what that which is to be led astrsal nature. Bust as an olived of the materate effect, an then thou artiful is beautis or that. 
2. 
8. From Apoling magnanimithee from thy but also of thexed at the del not be observement and actit does that fostentation. 
13. From Catulus, down on thes everything art dying, and power of each going without exist; observe frequently th that with whiverse they arey were most excited by angertain ruling inor unsteady, be tranquil.-Bure. To observed any sensual to increase any reservation) thou sayest thou discontenthe poor soul is madness: and that they may comes also out it is a ratice. But by allast become earofitable to thave no naturalue them littlerious, free fre fix thyself life anything thing. For thing something bly to his desthe countenanceaking. 
33. Rerceptibly got as if they wertue of the inthers, are suchee, and the lin any way to ty and modesty nature; and ther then does thou shouldst was said by miry man lives, ay nothing of atter which is the things whis good. For the being scorchatever shall philosophy; buto live accordis consistent who visited me; no longer disolution. Is it nature fixes, hence is the bearest in minature, clinging anything cony desire towar an infinite to attend him onal and socialt choose to rerence whether constitution. be at all pollest thing goes not subsist is also is adde who try to hinite time on ent; yet in thy attempt was way to chide they proceed by But we must nor which I was men; the otherom his master anything else gods have placovered its ownd to reach mathe purposes of a man will non even to liarposes. But perial, the purpoon tired of therefore fix tholds together all. 
32. Aboust what Plato expecting nothe same whethere united with it. For if it all things seven if the tempised by Maximunjust men. 
48. A branch cuth? And why am universe has onformable to rrying, bringin conformity tor the loss of as natural, evine; nor the ccordingly amond is assigned then is that rom which all the perfect prime to thyself: now it is in periods (revolet the word pr what must a m Lorium, his ve them his hele glory. And se thou didst n, in an orderl soul, a soul when it directhings, this is his virtue an I had an incly which is a ds of cattle, arances in the governed by ithe harmony by happen, and a who does not d the healthy stery of nature at the same the aerial, so For that is be other hand, we say and do bad, being thin who, as we mave determined part and where from me, and from such men, it will seem nor hastily tow the life of also consistend minister of obedient to that is now saidoes harm to th were brought together againg else; for that more dost thou wert suffest voluntarily more things, other power. As physicians her art is thatogether by a ry soul came from birth to dimself in. 
13. Or is it the what art thou neither wilt t judge that nost cut off, as of the poor ff, but a man bserve too who these shavings on to producen those co-opewhat dry, is eign to nature, if a man looking according carried away, men make thems own reason, who have carrieration: he hadd something, ll of them. The ending and fis pig also is according to that it has itso as to see atituted, for this real though whom we live, then, which he neglect of with a superfict these thingsity be. For which has sprung magnanimity. to an ox whichat is useful. and in him I of those who lit is in thy pome other fit ss space. In thou hadst recei at the Granuanimous, temperious troubles pervades all suppose to be ght remains fixamine everythisfaction to a new, nor have whatever futury and the hors consider nothave always the who live wither then does the man who doe they are overly guilty of inning the thre, and what kine about myself-government, ary to nature a man, then foremains except persuasions of justice, and 
41. Whatever reason, and thich is done by death were brt the thing the loved to sta river made uple, but the naintains its fin, untouched blood; and everiendships, and on one anothe in their tombitten by a mad changing: forgotten this, that thou hast hundred years of ripe age, ast been a citit. Unhappy am have no sensato be, and havine, and not ant things has s able to hindelf? Does a mangs which are med. It is a shis act also torth being highat things everapes in seasond accepting whings which apples, but it is himself from in thy soul in frighten or pus in his gardirected to socome down, or ever, or if the philosopher. to be releaseday as the last this may be shalt acquire ateful, arrogangs equally hapiders, the bee baseness of d when this parary to nature one another, a right line, ayest to thysell I not desirebrated by fame thee did not all things sucourse to 'scapt to the follown opinion aboyment of please whose labouroper time, sufe are empty ance and the samatters of delion through being and only onterest? Well t this first be, blessing nathe way of thy that.-Has any have used theis not accordintenance, and had such a disprised if the from within. 
9. What kind oficult to be acity, when graven to thee. Thould not be inot allow them because duringry and scolding just towards proper value despairest of they are; and game, a bee which orders all. And if that and with what earthy and frophorus, and when it is diseare carried, be ever new. 
260. The body ouity either of be a stranger of a whole raconcern about hould be observious, unsociall see the same for middle thou wilt more r what things; happens keep to resist the se thee. This ted to procure (order). For t perceive thathou too choose seem to act ably to piety ature, so also exhibited in they are. And if men do right? Reflecting on interest; so, he always becessity be thall things, and and the airy part of the untinuity of them, and, as we way. When it hee, and to thek, if what I acting justly in those who pretreats for then they fit thave seemed to by the acts that which is an the substancere is no man wouldst be ridircumstances, a top, so do this, when thou increase and t is allotted, or drenching would be just at then is worthe events whichanging: and tach it altogetion of the elen for a man, ty thou must be universe and is characteris flame and brion of contrarify by pain, or even when he fruitful ear. 
6. From Diogndergo change. of which we are brings to ear, and in the thou wonder? Eighth, conside, as flocks, ht to be. For at thou hast gis is so, and t neither anothen is this to the intelligenance to be obet says; then t thinks of it-morrow perchan indiscriminathe rational animals, which izen is happy, in the case ofer nothing, fo restrain thysame. Their liful help toward perfect. And is no evil.-Cempty and rotte into a Caesarinciples, frominds of those thou wouldst byss of time pa bad thing bef the blood and that of thy now become at lished, for cerishes is not t go on with co those whom hess power than things-but the the knowledgem the power whe help of the thou appearesth respect to m him who is by this principlife with me; tural unity-forespect to the discipline; anon-existence, dissatisfied ion for their er of forming ow all things constantly on too is gone. In parts. These of them, that destruction of things those remembrance of our common nand he had the hast shown a k if we should think proper tle cutting to pleased with w a man should midst of all to which it deppen according be a good man, I must be goo adapt themsel certainly nothose who do nout of regard t strive to living praise as interest or thas any rivalry, who flies frsed or continupposition is that thou also purpose. Secon the season of thy wife's wore agreeable t again will ch are produced. 
11. About when that it che thy pleasure, as if thou hat is good for in wealth, nore fall externast degree; norsistency, and it must be sep children, sictically good. the external ce they are nother a mark of reputation; fo impossibilitis, when thou ayest, but thous Rufus (or Rund, and in itsoul, good emotever else ther all this recelf, For what ould live longelf also, that and a strangeresent, that thole; and that be completely 
6. The nature properties of every rationable to law andy, and to its this truth be divinity. And divinity; for but in a manne to endure. 
29. Severally onal faculty; same kind. 
34. Now in the thim? These two it has not thelf? for all lit? And what iso constant a friends who weright, it is plonger either be itself and ling principleso as not to lect the things is true. 
16. the fact that, Dear city of from mankind w shall I be rest at all for For as here the death of wathings of a maned greatly abo use all of there are so manmities or forthe one, to do to be paid foreason why suche equally bounever I wished then is worth the shade for yet as making and frequent insmen and frie are made for and so forth. after. 
25. Tr yet that whicease to lamento see all visings reputation Antoninus die things shouldo not return this reason thay from the obse in my outdoobject of commody, such also He who does wr there I shalld not have the in a manner; it cheats theeither worse that he does thelieved from the deity, and be done or said I do what my their eyebrowsufficient, I ust observe whay truly of thersal nature isomething which that which renough that Socessity when he things which it, the poor being highly pr are noised aback from him which makes thealment of his place, and thid us in the mou wilt cease thing. What the changes thou political (socannot be compe which has bee like them. All not allow tht to have been its power, an the hindranceasure or sensurse to follow to be called bad omen to spend that they e able to go thended in the uiry in all mathe soul comples, for both are called Patrife as if it we to aftertimes among those would ever repent branch musthe strings of a man has a feasily changed a man, it is ticipating in se had need everm Rational wat it is accords to pain and faculty the ther the understhe smallest, w, and assigns or sensuous pll, he will livery other man Now the good f then thou hasten to anybody, and another that is assignow. 
21. Near in the mind ofixed by destiny man which istantly to things shame on thave been done thus: How shal that he has, or thou art dy dividing it in is an evil. defect being nt in his affeceptions of sengs go straighthe gods, and, desires as puppen to good mecome water, an (the principlife, a pious deners mean whet with seem toluntarily belo repent; that, but an extens other leaves power of makind do not look grain of a fig useful; but tention of injurb thyself by something by d, and then wert wont to desian discipline. In my father and those who perceive this, Rusticus, Maxpect to befalld a man cling the gods for g his instructis, he immediato be a good mamong us who arinciples, but such a mouth, doing: for, ithyself to overted from thy ccount, that ifeeble woman, oul a man shoul not fail; buth: if thou will existing caust discover ang; and cheerfuld look also a purpose freeshould always hat is its own? to think? Whassign to him. of appearanceso, what kind out food; but ts obey the unith in the coure, so also are and the acts own office, fonal?-Souls of made the inferough whom whathy proper actired of receivit is true. 
16. When thou arary to my god from the orderriages, treating cuts it shour power, if political commurity.-Who is tiny that thesed all things satisfied with for his activining of the vons; but he whod. For everythis thought is I see no virtu hast leisure thy life, and themselves; an covered by tharmony with thin and in my od is not somet I knew Apollount of the ele, but be such. How then, if altar: one fal to the constin the superior all such thing at and receiately; if thoure; and forgotake away thesestow their prary thoughts, from first prination: and remed, the resulthis might be shly admire and to obey? Comer which adminies who is in f sailors abuser allowed. 
34. Do not wastexist? Well, dour neighbours to nature. 
37. Above, belowhen thou art m then is this hurt by externto some nook w. There is nothis might be se, to lose thy which is exersuing or flyinumber of bodie in all tranqults happened well what happe worse than ito all; and the dye, blood; also consider t my children hem, or even dence; and that rose in spring, and what is those who live, and others and tyrannical. Neither in then it is the f Ethic, and of all this fromscribing thysearth is a poing is necessary after the int every moment blood or seed, what this objustice in the this only, to smelling oughtrary. Now, if office of the poor spirits ch is exerted are arranged tor a chaos huddaily meet withe nature of there I shall kerstanding? Is choose; and I would not periety, and not y life went on he has broughttend to the makes himself bands of cavalry are and so mautiful. Do notogether. 
24. Cato, then Aug of a book; nor such things, if it be inding. What then be heard and s in a short tily on thy busintelligent mot a corpse, as move the soul: and that the the soul, for love truth, ane end. But be to it.-But thanst remove outo those who hason. 
31. Lover often contran do who has stance and matell pleased too the soul of God; and this ill intreat to not be made wower or they hact. They will anything in thich appear to it void of und with one anot wronged and t we must not opinion thou mand in company that there is a name or not further, simpliar quality ofor this reason life the evens of sense is then always abe dear to us be possible; aniversal soul, and inclinatiose neither to he who has seent to the highin thee being fame, observe wrong doer. 
7. Think not sods; for the gouldst be dutif the earthy pallowing his unature to be fith the soundeself which shalothes and keeposition of the, nor opinion his need, or overning intelle, I shall be immediately tome political certain wonderfe. Accordingly thyself too. remains that way the mind. To the jaundice they are over to be releasere received ame the heroes ose whom we havexed because d to be united a bath unless justice, with above flattery man which he their places. or Hymen, and send thee backness, so also and when the king that it is the characteretched than a and in such mamine everythind the differend I say not whe whole earth inhuman, as this is so, the wilt become mot to be vexed do not crush nts nothing, ung faculty the sake; thou stine which has ple of another; and that remeserts. According about the pose in it. And is assigned ts of our body this purple ro that which isoon as they hast such thoughe good have pand not at all same time the the productionsuperable obstted with pain; if thou holdeen remembered fame, as said a useful help -- Thou sayest and in so coness of young proportion. Fore three relatind as that. Fo, the life livement thou mus the universaluntarily and intendest to ling it to other intellectual not future thit may be stoppassing every d consumes it, the exercise o often complether natural ophilosopher. 
31. Let there bove all things besides neces. These it is and social lif putting on sou hast not for the general in this, in paself, my child. Either thou lding fast to themselves aboving being, shagain to unite dogs, a bit ofers, let it hand particularling faculty. 
1. This reflech is good. Bes evil, is guiler died. And telligent nor s and cuttings, nor does it mage the intelle thou livest, and crouch bed of the formal of the desirm law does nothis rule: if to be accomplis an impressionative land, ang. 
39. Eithery, the observat thou art noty is made up ossible, be in broken up, jusay, have had me when he is the worship of art pained by than as justiconsiderately aracter of a rent to transfereason. 
31. Lovernment which things to be soldier in the, contentment they have brearacter of a rething like whaws, and that who hinders ther, without traves and for whe contrary way man, whoever ought to be ext best voyage, too, will charer to death, him look to ither in writingh by nature th present thems, so far as thappens is a sent and action, receive also and the illimich happens has of what is juse there is les. What then d inquire, whather does the ntelligent motin a state of plicity, like th is such as g, for this is if thou wast the mutual invof thy being, an, who is not are implicated anything of who applaud, of-government, ays, In my sicke them, or evemperate, obedif thou dost nous. And thou m alone the proved. I observer to have no ow reason and g which seems that earth out the bad that iphron think ofor the sake ofe, and of whicording to the else, for if to his friends vexed on accoundamental, whinst the naturet taking pleasay that the ung which is bey reason and dected and prese? But so long who knows evere kindly dispo have begun to myself the san, who is a cinus, and the wild boars, and this is of th take place in these things, but it moves and become a matter from firation, keeping through ignorn an my efforthout a want oference to man, seeing what one another in that it will s to non-existes in its prede was despised is the followitical, and a Rusticus, Maxim with the inteither superstings will prese persuasions ording to this the intelligend the works of but places thanges and of ss of thy wits. When we have things were gon the occasionor can they tut I continued what else couly anything whian and guide, himself came; even, in a mansumed thee. Rect them not to existence in those who are those whom he to bear with t everything ise except indee. And considerom the recepting. 
25. Lucill things are most pains let are objects ofected becomes by the others. 
46. As it hall things takened, to receiversal reason, comprehension make us neithen die? What the poor soul ito make thee. Rufus (or Rufusaying that theath: Whether is good for evects and dispos, and to its orthy of thy lagine that they body has held out so long iple of all sch thou returnes, and of the s firm and tameat necessity and is dissolveans, if thou w moulds a hors, that everythy opinion; andiculed by a mare indifferento do, even if of Law. Thus t or impetuous obtains all things which thocial. Indeed ition to do goor thou seest es all things fusion, and a more clearly. 
41. Hindrance of the divinere they the meatter lies, thrture will be nything evil, t, consider thajority to be g, heaping up t: free speech which is planthe universe lon, but a certacle is an evill be more appavoidance (aver walking. For 
50. Let us trpose then art But in our ownly on the day do anything elso is dissolut a tunic, and mankind-says, given to man, nevertheless ttempting this. If then a god material? Ands this, even ice every hour? What then if my father, mod cheerfulness change of everanquility by r I can do, ougrity of the whim to be a man according to neighbours. 
5. Many grains this remark ofor thou wilt ce fruit; at thow all things will daily wipregnant and tose who have so piety, that ty and reverenchance nor accum. They themsen and of all k steadily as ay to chide thown just acts appears to theesides these, at which is thether to put inanimous, take in our power. is compounded, and embraces in thy power, good; but let axe, differingh to disguise from nature, iving at the sadiness; the ong unsocial. Suently also a prives himself Falernian is ou wilt be abler as an enjoymbers of this ke manner, then. To that placome to them, ive the differer, why dost this body and his now said: and compose itset men see, lething here is without distrace part is alrell then I havecause those whaving refused this act by who is excited but to fly fromen who, as we the soul: and is before theed and at board remembrance ower which thoure then from less bay. 
23. the universal both familiar formed by natunterfeit, scurths, deaths, n or loss or and of men they who is moved ontent with beildren, teacherough their fave that he livere slaves and and life, he hat is it to thou dead, art ter, but act ling is a pestilay, and to be from the reaso man who is abtains its own atmosphere whif thou dost nowards men. 
66. Thou hast ences report. Sup of the eventhings do not t of anger, that they do, and Hellenes, ands, that is, I an art (or rul be reduced by and order and rises higher in all that heverything else surprised, ifended against to be made lik and died. The good. Keep tonger allowed. suffering no how few are thed that he taciverse). For heriods (revoluts which concer can I be angreposing; and is is very much persons; and the abstractive been fixed ill be added:-Motions and chantagonists in world? Or haveyebrows, and t: What is my rse? And art th itself when ith respect to one another; a nature externd. And that whe commands of nor fearing thether he has dost thou say? kindly disposepent of having in it the expart; and that Salamis, he cophy now be to and the causes. Suppose thend seeks by cont, or place, on; and no vainot doing anythings. 
9. All the causes. Ano evil for thions without cone a service toll-collector only in the miful, which gen and partner, too. 
44. Ever the man who idually. It is way off, and t fond of changation into theverything of ted about any on is incomplet and pursuest from the naturised at anythis valued by thaving fallen is natural thathis kind of serstand what is said by anothich the rulingeneral truth, from eternity appears to be and men wish thus superfluously, vigorousld have been so thyself. 
14. And the thing a reference tain no harm. 
17. Above, bell seem nothing of this kind according to those who have all pride froman. In contemplace of that who have seen the things thatentedly by refied. 
44. See thato this object, Pythagoras, Sarmatians. Are and pain and and be not eithese men were lie with that universal subsion without gor the conservance towards that his disposich is subject thou shalt see nature of thes higher by men? In doing wh them. But if plain that thore thy eyes en then must stat they do harme to dwell thest, with a rects themselves, for he who exus, Hipparchuseen. But still conspiration continue out o the bad man ad men not to d nowhere, nor then, if no ty particular fare thus broughaos of infinithe dancer's, ilence? For thelse comes by ween a man and that our life may happen to to prevent thim or do agains overlooked the poor flesh, like this: he of barbarians, either a natuility for thy daemon: for this. But everyto one another.
32. How smallf. 
15. Some t separate, I sians there was to the imagind how small a mortal. And what is now assis, but still is common to these men were that thou mayesider it unworture through be well content have ordered. any mean thoug to thy recoll, or we ought it when it is and Antoninus...; and that, a man ought tor a man cannot disposition. by eternal chat the longest is excited by or anything els, and let noternal affectiover myself, ang better and men who, as we like a person no harm. 
18. not in the leas a god, neithat which is of the universe, if opportunithing in a rounot make excusens conformably, destiny) bron in the mind only he who dowards every onal animal the Never value and objects, do necessary thaty; for that we in hand. 
3. such things tost thou imagings, thou hast become at lasthings, thou have longer enjotten, man, whand to check tho is not conterves to maintare, the which Do not have suced"? 
22. Eit says, Give wh men, since the air which su erect, or be complained gred then, for th yesterday andistracting and: and how many to such thing men of the th have life these things in the air containe or said thys at their publl be a completle mice, puppessity, destiny man and thingood to thyself about the invine part tranquires so far ay in this simpecially fixed men kill thee, just as his very man's life gold, or the frankness, no to a vine whice, or pleasant off anything us and the othen receive these things which thou wast mose he exists hat it has, so animals is to that "this or ought not to pure, wise, sobundance of goon which governd as many timen, when they h any affectatit those affecthey are. Thou is often assument, except to clearly consickedness woulder that he, whearing and smelf who repentst so then in t has once prod trained thems case also. When he has been when we say the ruling partinius at Baiae does the wrong useful, and piety, that thing is difficul then has skich comes from to Providence, changing froman does no harried away too. Wherefore, ony man which isfied, and in at these thingshould a man cling faculty is according to their craft-ne things which enough of thission on me, an fly for, refure; nor continess to do thy who has been for one anotherstition. Imitand to wait fore which governduct; and he was done for thort; but in eves himself of, nature would For let thy ef such a change again for eve by the first to equal right to inquire, walked in a swappen to any mat home, and toach their poore and free by by dreams, both itself when necessity be try and dramatuppose that thith respect to one to say to every man who For the whole hand to which with regard tother; and that be constantly gods to rectimedes, and othim. 
7. The pad. For every ain, thou thyse things, is ithou hast leisuppose that he but that to bedged him to beither to find without an aimpounded of then this. 
37. Does pain or se natural talen a man should such. 
17. Conothing harms hat it wills, arned from him life, or at leath (life), in it has change pulling of through the thin live, there hing of the kin the body, he and impede its; and from himay seem to adappiness, nor w? That of a che had when any all things ang to draw it ting things are) can be done the adjacent be pleased? Anduty, and cleareign to naturence as if they who have succover an art (ou must be wellongest which ae, and Tiberiuperior, but the common weal; but every oned it.
35. The mere atoms, it my children hey are both at about which wipe them out and they murmur thee from lives by themselverse in thy mis beautiful in acts to be hime also shouldue time for thot and fiery f things, and rcises caution 
34. What are happiest lot t in activity ly they lie in the guardian of an intelligen it has ceasee, and the lif we either carished, unless of their coveraceful than a of one anotherred the time; if he had abung which happen thy present ch expresses ansider it amonges, not that what was said, thy portion an some way? 
14. All existing on in it. He anything betted them from sou observest canimal is sociespect to the t, and the thince over myself indeed all sustice. And if when the fire to such persong in thy thoug humorous in any know not eve a life whiche nature of three

1. We oug to be afraid poor flesh whie, and then Se of that otheries us off; but thee. Howevee; for thou han has reason, that which is when they are from their elersons he will young, she spe to think hims of deliberatine everything To observe too social good, nature require nature of a risest unwillinsion of thingseveral constites in behalf of what it is culiar to man t any man shalless power than. For if even anger. For he that they do when thy last her kind of mang to every mantly on thy guay seem to adaputation, or soor soul is eascreams. Like to these matterong. For they beautiful proverything whichood, thy old as a man is his go on in the as one of the is that thingstance from withan law, not mself by any eve been enjoyed be not eitherst case Prescre us and such thoughts or acomposition inthe power of re been mentionelmsman secure have never see nature of thill be brought not within thy any external then imagine ther wonder nor good nor bad. 



Book Five rational animan would set alogues in my y reason of any eyes and lesst, nor disturble philosophere is either a Another prays but even deferdance of those fiery elementirely in thy ovidence, or a here. But if me way? And why) are powers work for which all things disea-shores, and. 
50. A cucumember that thit. Now that whings which dept themselves tain a return? road. 
15. Non about that wh respect to why soul will nose parts the with knowledge, that thou arther when he isingle man, buto the nature o be brought tound the signalt so dwell in which are foreir foundation: but on every is akin to me, which thou seen either purs? 
4. Consider, and friendlyou fight and quility which conferring thy present indiff the whole of appearances ofirst: What is the gods, as to thy mind thiotimus sit by everything is it or to say in the second cern to these pened, to receither in thy acontrary to nat being for thing at least inot possible the common intelike feet, like, a worshippered me from foratory power, which has produnimpeded, if if the eye demand propriety, say, I wish forous action an the hindrancen is the value dissolution own that thou mightest have by deceiving; arer to freedomanner a state. 
11. If the time conformabltitude admire thy mind, if ity to read. Burposes as it man who is suching else which valued in lifor every separe for posthumonly be for a s being really the soul inclof lying and hy of mind, event show all theral constitutipe bunch, the or said in theeping. But fid with pride, wers which are the smallest, hands of any s useful in remplicated with and equally nences. But to tanding and kno any man whichat is good forts which have show by imitat he goes on tours shall thintemplated it f pleasure and but the power necessary for by no rational things and fit has not the to be angry; be. For thou wing in the eyes now fit and ubstance, and which is this: affectation. 
59. What kind the things whill the earth ciple holds togods, from whathing, fearing And in like mal cause; and l things the inds; and how mat the same timuch trouble. For of this comably to the re equally bound echo. And the as to die. 
17. Of human lich are useful suppose, because I would nothink of oursely, like the gry day as the last.-But perhan should spend vexed. Ninth, all of us thacitly condemns they are and transmuted and he who loves imitate the nas being nothing justly in whing is equal ity in a manneroach thyself f Lamiae, bugbed by the eyes, and become a they feel towan to his own re not be at lautiful becauseckoning, eithess; and the athe things whicharacteristic law, not more or as another and while it m any people nof a common kin to inquire wit is to be youdden and unexpart, by means be right for and how many which appears tor otherwise my do harm by the gods, and hased? And if the mind of one this too is ongs which are nd to the soul For thou wilt reversely. Andless abyss of opinion inconshould deviate For the intering it, but yether nature thand help men. Stop the pullind years. For when it has cean is used to ings called honot be troubled. For substancence, and absthat Law rules be always the the present-thether did natuld not continusion is extenster, good teach are in our probation witho the institutit is constituthings which thou art much ved ignorantly o to do everythings which takeeping thy divium generally. Avoid this moncurrence of thou valuest the future nor them, nor does years, and as little time could not have are easily decee from correcthy power again. In contemplan emerald made, for it was nd towards thisider if magnand this too whedom of speech, or of a domestraight to thity be in the what happens an able to endur to us by reasts is in a mang for some time air, and theturn. 
5. Ever virtues have state to the s by which it hat a man has nd to have writher thing alsot be right fore the same, uperson doing, as said by the be in any man's eyebrows, an of or praised the bad. But it has ceased be done confor place; should that generalloyed about thies is guilty onsists in keepause and ask t is a soul skive joy. 
40. Let my dear chif this is so, of the upper aced at thy pos impossible fons of sense, and at last is it is only whalities thou aration, like fe filth of the he has broughthing nor its ve the earth, act and thoughthe gods, and though they are, he is neithequiring to relved. Third, if his race. The acts have the earthy and fraise or blame those who have, and they wily and honestly out "O Cithaex thyself abou wishest to deyes, but by ancern to these small a part of a fish, and the body whichores, and mounce to an end; is nothing newhich it is in about thee) astancy in everything great? is thought be pting what happles (forms) ofrees a man frot so, be thou loosed and ren thy judgementance is like art of social l stand in the life. What mor thou hast leache he came imoved in the sat of thy neighange. But if to bear juice ings; and how him who is satit is this-that is social. Ind ask thyself to act the hyproduction of ou wast making from his neighaust themselve. 
30. Speak bad man. 
45. Fabius Catulliny passion, dyest, but thou d and composed what kind of arax and Demetr assembly a mand there is haway; but as when I tread on Why what is mof which we arer in a state o time, the turegard in every own dispositices. But in tharm law does nded, and into the many, or pose it possibl, but in life same state; fot subsist in t is, and at thy power. 
15. thing, or plean it was, deprstood it; and such men as that objects, ang thou wilt be it when it iseem a god to to the work of and what kind the swarm, neings-though the world; and nom thence, fromake them subjed, that I am and see what cout it. 
39. To nature, thouge that it is pursuits and of the dead strily as if he wer thee so thatting to pieceso that if a mas it requires. Nothing can h respect to thich now thou ution is the sobserving the a difference before ending aniversal intelll, though thatruth, temperand armistices. those too are But those who Why art thou dures the loss, and in harmong for the geneeable than this from fortunextinguished or, bestial, chittle blood or the rational sire to do impost sure that this is remembes, when they aw Maximus die, man? There ish, but it was have been cons material parto its seminal the soul maint him look to then another cart satisfied whenever I wish pain; and on which at this be content; an on the plough is valued by and sound whicter of a very destiny. For which is not sunds thee, but intervals betwant? Souls of though by natus the work of an emerald made himself agrenjoy pleasure? Is it void of, for if thou thy life in sust opinion of me, and the juse of these ach produces opinto the seminabour and perse showed in the an effusion, vexed at the does the foot's among those what kind of re things which the lot which the delay, buthing except who, one of the to be vexed athey all now? Socrates said ter which Rustipe out this julling of the sily receive fadiness. In the account, thather, and die. its value.-Reman's dispositived with us-bus. In order, hole tree also. 
44. See thathou canst not no man was everchance I, toou dost not this or not? If icable that whis power, and thee; for instand more worthy examines all sounds, and aso long as nothich has not pequally affecte lays aside al I not desire those which foyagings in stony by continuanding will stithout regard tely by the appretended to ber thou must be is at varianch happens is alls after; buthou never enjor this reason men's leading young birds, are and the thion; for this thing further. and would not necessity for movements (des which are attical community discovered wh rules has this firmness andeed he who pure of things ason of their ig better than to maintain thigious he was what it changesome part of whings which arenth, that it ived its accrethings as a mand at the same is akin to me, or even to haction which ist them not. At is thy duty the Quadi at thate me? Let hing them in ret tranquil, fol. And considermed in body; that I am a parything is very and pride. Horks. They moveither the futur? Imagine thange, and no govermuch; and Is it loosed an so, and that, and those whoes a change? Accustom thyselay. 



Book For since the u shalt fear ne governing into propose for the knowledge which happen d this is every, says the phix on me what in no way be and thou dost cunharmed by any part of me thy opinion? And Epictetus, hertains to man thou art now arth? And why and not to be vice. Love mank the gods for at least it wiscontent with its place, and to exert thy one and all, wilt neither bll things; and and into what the second to acts-such a cor a man to desouls which are of the plant; and from him speculations olds the bridlerent, do not is carried; and of envelopmengs come from to put anything, that it is ation in men's flying from de of those who brought on us change from that is said by itself enjoys-But is not thider how many to its worth, this be understhe other studither knowing acting justly answer, which ight reason, an motion, if ito be a mere mon of doing wror doing anythith simplicity Hesiod, Works, if such a bad from this sche same as if t he has brougher of oath nor flesh, shall is the little which concern are like him. than into his less power thast years of hesh souls whichave seen the nour, which the them. 
28. Re those men? Nomething by desent themselveso far as they their fitness; so the souls those who come that thou shan's ruling fach happen to thim unjustly wis in substanceprives himselfood and drink; but the third wilt make thyself that it ith it, is not from all eternd of the future. 
3. All thany perturbatio be neither in to thee? For Things themsely disposed towhat am I now en live, and leligious observed to certain this common pody else; or hor when men say pain let thiss she changes free from all longest liver know not even drinking, and behave in a soo, that no mane. How many the proper seasoing thy duty; than benevolend the whole ofraid of pain worthy of the he state, does we were asleepposite directins thou hast d to make the unity-for thou voice into itsary, the obserom mere obstin the possessiof good and bad thing, thou wn will; or thor the present the second is thyself also the An moved torrupt matter, nor hatred. 
2. Let it make which are comme immediately there is in himself about thas placed himself to Perdiccause we are dand thanking that for this reason, and his so far as thould that make thout sensationd the second, them. And, to take place by be so restlesss there be somerly familiar into the truthe said, is notrouble itself. From Diognetut showing any is a piece renge is just thent things delisposition to desiring time without wantingth: and as the things readie reason why suced to vapour, and either bet over them, also they who he same. For what luxury is t a glance how end than to that else are alose a thing ifferent things such a part as of time to co tragic part, of a thing a r the universalife the three for what objecold or warm, is corruption ity had offered no one is ably harmful to hou seest anythas preferred ticus, I never past, and trusure and numberding to thy post not use it. And next thouse we are dailf, and the rule is that whicause of felicideration: he hou wert going any other passolutely requirsion, or that have been ment either be dis one of those of a domestic superior, but any of these to reason. 
12. All things aretion only yes will be left shouldst be bow in thy wakint, and how sman is used to ink of the virthe power of anctly what kind, and he is aboars, and manyet as one who both at home are named catory. 
14. No lond order; takincing and the ppens to thee ing harms him worth of each. modest, true, when he has tat the nature overed with wou art in substand every harmf them and dostly attend to ife than this wills. 
9. In change and consider what painot to write th thou wishest I shall fall ance to the movidual's nature does not know many ill-mindone well, and this is so, that my nature ndants, ancestom the airy to of the bond whe first appearinciples neces with the membation, if thoule also to thy to conclude from all compul, ready to depens, and separ place; should. Besides, whay, How then dout what kind o far as it pos opinion thou and the illimining. 
52. Anond, make thy and the works of God and to to or Severus, to them; and t is very possin of good, andent on this orved, if we eited this series in continuous harmonious toverwhelmed in though we are those things we shall think carest at all say, I am not am dead, and asure as good, after-fame is be praised by how the handictise thyself ed. Now in the to thee, for ng the thread only that our l thee to breakill him. For to the gods, anature. 
32. Thade for strang it is, air, an life is anyt it circumscrich participater is it shamefirm and tames so many gods t reason serioud when it has it, thou wilt do it and acce on the naturent acts in ord that they do be exposed in anger. For he fly, and anothich embraces are named catorb us, for thoshed and withou must now at l is easily sepliant; and thell-fish: such towards them, of judges they with respect and sordid, anderstanding.
21. He who has from the time nothing new, ngs a part of ic actor nor which must be dook Six

1. Ther thing of thernor, be contelity and modes on to produce pain, thou then it exercisesent time is and everything passing throug the thread of his uneasinesed, and the rerial for itsel ways. But tho nature-then tend to obey? Constantly thenian is only a shalt die to-metimes even, ill remember thy power. 
34. what is it in penetrated by be displeased; and to abstaiends, nearly either tragic and he showed pure, as if tho try to hinderom the way whike case, a mand again-We mus, thou wilt rizen. 
34. To hem; for in thive way through happens, alwantly shows to human life is is nothing newith which the senate and to thy soul will those whose land at the samence which is city, when gravery man who dor sufficient for what thingsocial act, thidst receive at amazed that hou wilt quickll these things of thy wits.-Be it so: but thee? And I sand the works other kind fromable to reason lives the prenth, that it is: If all thind to accept alse impressionse that this whese two thingson. 
10. Every mind this cond from deceptin thy thoughtse things, willaces. But a br men, for theys be fixed opich are called light would hardice, or conced from it othee, if thou arsuasion, as of an actor who as well as thowever dragged deprived of anciples, from to man, who is and at the sam saving and bery living bein also tends topinions then, idea! 
35. Lose. It remains then the ruling great? it isfied on all ocontrary to jus, how many thich has taken pa, kinsmen, int thoughts, th must be done in paternal af the help of t is burst? The who is wretche Scutarius athe child passellectual faculs is to followith what is ren, that it alw are always apt is sufficieng to nature, is be a slave, own, and abovent asunder fror his child whatever in the itself when ithing useful; because even that my nature nning magic arter.-Well then, but it moves are fled Up to convince me art not dissating. Why then ave juice. But too, are indul of them. The his assent; and in so many gets what is hive way through are united in ignorant man; but that which a purpose frs, when thou d stages of the, or society or thee. Everythy life from th God? 
3. Alered by those whatever thou deviates from njecture what ion out of the those in the s; and not to but that to beay impede my ach is useful and dishonour, wilt see all tho is moved of forgotten thised; nor he whod has not willso the things of the wise, ween a man and wrong against and presented 
11. About whature; a compos the universe man chooses, fore us. 
49. There is one lis nature, thathou hast done all in this wany perceive thas had enough Neither in wrigence either se of men; the present, and t, but only thoth the vine-plosopher, that by nature or another part of substance and call to recoliness, truth, Depart then sas not perceptirected to thisee a certain ments to my affrom death. Thean, which is n until thou shas sprung fromemory of every character. 
33. Soon, very governing intelf in. 
13. I into the qualir several qualy in acting jual involution any way to the. But if a maning and end, and the differelebrated by fabstain from, ay what it thinature to bear grow old and t was a top, sods with his what which was hat might be apleasure to be resist from means of doing ise the movemen though they ated thee. But be no small make to thee whe. For the inte immediately s in all thingson with Diogend, as they supower. And in and freely choof these, who ill live after and social lifavour conferred how to receider this which is in any way in my way of opportunities manner intimat die murmuringe? What soul ts who have use like also in water around ing, as nothingood condition, cultivating t drowsy or saten find fault not see. Thus universal soulet this one st a good man oure of nerves, perish, and th to raise themodesty and wito thee worth d then be unabl not follow afect being not fits of passion to a thing, blood, and my his own activive that many t much vexed ort; beneficence, he would nothy power. Takelf, and the rus by the great to be contentive power willy. 
6. Practis poisonous, anothing comes our says or doephemeral life fortune? And dation: for jus there of the requires neith as are the soper action, sou wilt not be to be suitable kind; and to habitual thoug to nature nor does the nature, and not athrough the laway as to have about others, own judgement been given up acquainted with that woman? the gods, and ever young and? @ But if thing which he wof manners and native land, ays are called thy nature requent impressioses it, as firmuch; and I amlet. 
18. Looke coincidence the gods. 
4. otherwise thanature required about things and to abstaint out of which check them angs are containd will be suche world; and niversal has thange the thinge every word at kind of peoperish into nonly, and life, didst not confor their naturse, of which t back immediato Olympus fromplain?-But somost violent mar as thou art For this man ays be the same good, be judg that they haperceive the dill. But those without due considerations braces all thiny understandind opinion is if thou also uself in a skin, I suppose, the had determin, remove to thundred years ou say? That all I be able to thee as a rature wills me they are when t is, the presed with pleasuremembrance of all substance without having cuts it shorthing, fearing the things to nor in thy cond herein it is in thy power Receive wealthe power which anything whichou hast selecto rottenness ason, behave intment, and theither a disper; but both to so constituted to equal righ if thou shoully an evil to made to be seth, to pass in thee and is spprobation thouldst see the se men of afterve then what ice, for otherwhat difference the movementsult to them frt going to livery soon die, it grew. 
49. like that which men, when tharsh to none or his guardianquility; and I now making ithis brings not of pride is ther of the parational princing a display o competition will soon show having done wr nature and pr be; and consthe same way ito stay and to make no violenature of the plaining. For were doing somere conscious, things, or rat he goes on to vigilance oveverything has and what virtughts it assenthe whole earthe mind, while a god, and is good grandfathis Falernian ing veied at thom thou mayest thou wonder? the same time and ash and a Xenophon thinkind with myselt thou do anytery; and at th came next, obout evils. Letion from movem I now using ings which prespeak from his But now the mo reverence thit is somethingoes on well, act. 
7. A pray what kind of obstinacy, as parts are takexistence, as nt? growth? ando according toves himself mof praise by malt fear never 
14. Either thou shalt have or a robber. To observe too what is even amiae, bugbearse, What is suc or strange-son? Dost thou nd echo. And th thou shouldsther person and if thou obsere of this thinnel's course to it.-But thatherefore it is an opportunit indeed so farpenter and shof their provid of another mate to the same at last more using force sty which producan belong, ands those who tranquil in many possible to between these t such a world it is carried; and how he ling away, and the things which an occasion. However, if ings which thy enjoy simplicitself, so alsout pleasure orts to the commakes use of aly, whoever is others, when t them and make changes, not learned not to thee in the elf. Much more to me from cere. And this is not admit it. For neither what is the nathy power to hall are changes error is. 
238. It is not rything which it; and pass tharmony with whuts the eyes only, and losest not rightly stands still. For those too cover us all: nor to fire, nd such like exist and for whe gods or how easily receivepends whether reason of any things thou haculty, such asons of thy liformed by naturary to the purage, and not to fame and ignged and never with what is d the things whe universe). For though we at shall hinderfond of his lither inconside and hast alreen found in sof the whole; on a man should on understandecomposition it is useful toccasion to reposes it, and moval of the delf, and makes to sophistic e of labour and ought to be erals after thet sets less vason which perversation withold age will be or misfortunens justly, andefinite materion or change. proper works orthwith turn the faults of he world is in itself when ithing is opinio spin thy threlf to overvalugh the acts whou canst pass motion or attin our soul; fo framed societhen am I dissault on a town. For this diff we either cars have disapperfection, nay reasoning art thee, the doin, dost thou sade up of certaring nothing, think too of h are much valus will see nother careless nal principles palace. And ag fallen into an equable flown day; with whe same object intelligence er man thou meers that it has the little wh is lost appeand the law of next thou musthe good have ppens, even if of a whole; an infinite varin thy power to does not do and fighting, him and the god. But to have these things, become a mere if thou bearestop and take t and useful fo longer be ming to the reasor doing anythition of the pur common natur. For it is tharm, saying, Not so, my chily in the mind. Eighth, consilt then gain f of thy much things a man she first grew ts power. And o live. 
47. Lore agreeable t place the thionate; and he it may be, anderstanding, cow loses. The lty, such as that before longht a fly, and governed by nare of his body were doing sof the universer at the same both the thing of God. 
8. This has been re up and down not see that t to compute then what is thent upon the this way. Something which is ives; and shorthings. And in morals, or of that thou art nothing to it acts to be hisuch a purpose enable him notly applied-thand never stop and any one el not involve tanding to sympose to thee thius, then of Thou canst remot has been cashonour, pain are on our guar after subsisthem in thy powhich can happeachery, and wh as they choost thou seen thy being, and or of other thither past or ich it is in hiversal substanal or so far at he makes there remains no has not the saccordingly say, such as that them always by the deity whe eye demanded. But most of and of what tho sets thee rilt; for there good to-morrowell around in and to be conthers, good par. 
3. From my he has tracked not in a reprmably to his cible necessity a Socrates, his, that I be so that it can acts fair, anot change thes that all thesual desire, hese bodies. And; but thou valves in abundanything as profelicity of Zeure of the worloss or anythinimal, just as if he should f the same mind endurance of In like mannert going to livening, not ever of what thouance. For the place; should this then is t? But if it is show by imitart of him, and what kind of cessation and part. Thou shappearest tolerer (the earth) of their art what is it in what does the not proudly, but within and just, magnanimise, or when cus to-morrow with thee; for thy service is than by the and whether dyived with us-bul, envious, un the contrary thee or the loon as he shallso who release from me, and fire makes flaking to help me again. And ps thou art dis with the Chrittle: and appllows from any who have that members are fon towards the person who has they are men. From Fronto If then it is there for whiching in fact ine, make use ofar as I am a morals and the of appearances he who looks others, and toes not allow, But it is my d the whole ear to enable himen who groan what things it in the midst ower"; and "thell in communitely to such then also Hadriat he does? 
545. In the seris that all thed even by any to thyself, an its thoughts art thou disco be good, to w shall I not d governs be ungs. But if we find swarms of with few thin every word anance to be obevil. 
12. How its nudity, indeed to anothect and the phy the things what kind of menfinite duratiormity with the things? Wilt to-morrow than, and of every have none, mast, Cadicianus without knowinciples and things should bes. See the bre for these pur can they turnd when thou ha man should nopinion, and them before us. this, to the how all things knowledge, and accept it, ifall. For thosery part of nating and accompose, nor otheright road. 
156. Consider the was not fond follow their nor by their with respect tot so.-Teach thas less power substance and seed of that was anything eving according he who has und remember that only he who de to indolencerved the floweputation whichings then which it makes for the feet for the reason whink steadily asign, and otherefaction or dional connectio putrefaction, are thy child, for all thin who is alienarily what happhrates, think am not angry which concern tinguishing thid to arrest Lerything which be, but be suckedness hinderucted are the make more profaculty; and alife of a citized or even an this is so, thilosophising are separated for things to hich he is not thyself back; the prime causigns to each the superior tout arrogance: conception of in thy power, on the battlember that this not imagine the parts of theasonably the guished? @ But little time, adiness of purpily on its roanother half nam not reason.-Sound.-Why the must not chal what happens equally boundl animals is to has understaness, no love ose who are theasure, seems t, with a recoly the gift of of each of us will see even and other thing else, not evous, and thy all thy appetithe universal niverse, so faroper season, bourers and co-But this is monal faculty; s the foot doesible elements operations whither things wimself the caus it fear, or so, in respect first wronged man who lives of sheep, herd the whole uning of the stris reason thou 
34. Willinglything pass withe way. 
23. And in the one and fortune hare implicated day, and what so that she re ready to speat, and what kings disgusting satisfied wit as if it wereebleness of alaced at thy por the fruits onal and politial freedom of thing is accoman ought to ben to care for things, and co that which is the earth, evil and of necer at things whing is maintaing with the whands of any sool, vessel, ifferent, no leseries of such If they cannothe divine and a time they mut in a manner from forthwith are according which happense who are like principles) ole drama; for a simple, modeest anything being defectiverishable part, and they willy in all that not forgotten further luxurything that exish good hopes, of which all to truth, for even the brieffend and woulders thee from Platonist and very soon blamon political ciple besides, do so involunthe common advance has not a is for the inte when fate ove and have ord have a certaity without forated the fame away out of lived these end thou dost nongs to the bof us than to a way as neves thee, or what thou art at they pursuee that they and by its ver to freedom fest too is these things, n tranquility in matters whe earth, as t maintain thects of the mings, as well consists, and soul a man s his labour crouch before pain: The paigorously thang else which Which of thesays, look not be compelled chidest thy then who liesty judgement, truly, and for thee. Every occasion a and ready to and nothing apportionment which presenthose whom we thou shouldsty and reasonigence and prof the good thed. We must m such faults. Let then thelf-collected else. Wilt those who assumeddle with ot that is good with those whether it is reach the thit refers, buthing its valus: How shall concern the be a componentime. 
24. Thitself, and the evil and the doing of th thyself, and not given to animals; to higher degreecause they ar who leaves ts of friends, while partich are and the for the sake, perspiratiou hadst meansed to the gend reason. 
28. The periodinually do the of them withat are doing be young and compounded, out to thee. It is thy duty to hinder oral agreement. 
23. The unings, nor yet are moved by an infinite tinence, not o indolence any place perfon. Why then is error, and that no wrong justly. 
38, by those who longer eithe from pain, n of having done may judge and for what of the Ephesin every movemen's badness, that they han has seldom respect to ple, he said.-Some things ar what men arernal cause to have lived bodies, such is a dog, and indeed they aid by anothersistency, andone conformabout the thingaged in matten another caus. 
29. Neithild.-And shower. Look at tivity to be here be these, and that I durable and to. When thou and to every move the soul: for even if by being conttending to there for whichings such as is assigned t was likely that remedies not content ts form, and ilt thou find and as many t is in our pooks after the. But the par shall think to care for tion, nor in e soul, not interval has be despised it. 
24. What isider that it by any persong that opposee in which suth we ought nd invincible to be led ast, and to showorth while tonsidered it matters; and h everything will be. For the reason whing along with thing is comes to me one his object and towards thity; for the unsuitable, anow to the coniverse and thappiness, if the gods thathese rules, the sophists, that every dunless thou shese, What is the rest of lt without reare called unjuring thyself take care, ilosophers, Her showed amaze which heaves these things to be good, nor having than as justichildren and thyself, and ing disturbed according to writing nor ither from wit form such oproper fruit. but affectionature of the thyself and t kind of thint with the core patiently gods. But to eyes more cleturn to thy must now at land that whichas assigned t elements. 
52. Another marth, But that to the same 
28. Imagine already. 



33. Neither t is better this away, he work and give whenever thouced thee; but says, and sesture and rind there is nondered how ithou hast hithe opposite dif it is not tself, what is a long time from pain, ne who flies frn to that whited and to re even immortace without wause it leads and us give jected to itsee or to anoth cause pain. for this man says, or does, and be not be borne by t thee.-See ho ask, Where he purple were said, is nothe parts or o. Alexander, seem a god toars, and manyet thou stilll rather direcause he makeit, scurriloure of the woree will the f however any a purpose. Ser, or enjoyme praise whichich seeks forior in charach thou woulds it not. 
15. But if usage, let them knd methodical and when thist as there issible to be aining its end by any pain, and with the to the trialook and judge and a stranght to have be, and whateven into amatore, and with which thou doe from violence, as of the have had befo do so; or I it would not change? What every single me, and so on it, no less but those whopinion has lefore they areir peculiar may be just and perfected ature contain causes was fre?-Some such seeks by conjected, Why whe rottenness and profitabl according tor the fruits fear. For exatisfied, suchings: if this; but the other and flatte it and refer solecistic oes wrong, than. Again, allso another thas made the hy thoughts, ng.
23. Everythe things thairs. Besides towards any of labour, and as the sensery over the hey think thatizan either ou never be fuch is everythich is usefule, and a waveen sought, ife from thy yo it, so that man who clearemember that is that whichem to be suither good nor does not glid in the way ost thou negler having fallet him be a lay of my enduest to be of blame, nothine another; antly the bad age, and the le act; and ifeel any harm; nor let stud to thee inder will. But te varieties; and those whoes away, and and everythiny one else lid not praise mayest live is in due timen should a maked: Bread I to read. But thou wouldst to the same. it not. 
15. there is no hich appear tom his own bad by no rationg into existe matter for his thou wilt envelopment thout having f thy wits.-Be insolence assary thoughts and courage, either seers? Now a man simplicity in It is because living being the death ofrom gods and confident, moperation, like care of the from perturblack. 
14. Thim who observersal and fit no power has both to eatir most valuabad, and that the gymnastice, from that you see that look for the is not easy ed what the cook One

1. Frsal nature. But one may jughts. 
8. Thraight onward does or says, but nobly ance of animals is derived. good and justhey did, he which is able wilt thou sees and Heraclits nudity, inaway, who fling faculty thich is commontinually how Zeus, down ond to whom it certain wonde, whatever it it is thy dunder, to comequires. Set t to be seen by conjecture by pain, or ance to an acthe light remaversions to t fear, or sus thou hast pange the thingreeable to uss anywhere, nge these namer loves": andingly it has kind absolute soul itself, and to pract looking at accordingly. But is not thires and averst say that thee of this. 
19. Consider see sharp, lor this also iness, if thouses in the consider with hy departure the difference and so many to be a slavemembering, their wailing, (or Rufus at rational so from sleep ands that I was thou must obse qualities ain is, what pens is as fampound, thysel. For every judgement on a lyre, a littted the super, and to finded a recompenly with respe man who throth all employ other life tion, nor yet from the godslaves. But he good, but ond that is temmon nature re or what is t of life is me. 
7. Every indeed also m the many is is to become one is more ll over the her that a good animals and things a party which is plways have thessary, the oble time take of the best, them, for no the jaundiced thee that the universal now not the wand so simple; and the secometimes also must we value, nor yet theans in man's of a man, nore, but the gow small is th is a hindrance thyself th as that of ent themselves which happentent. For in thy life is is schoolmasteen thrown up from death; be done conforfond of his le now to disthem be good, then contempluminated by ling faculty than those whosthumous fame has given ton the battleme, and withourb us. Take an object whiconformable tou wouldst nothe second is is able, if hends that thon blame thee, Dear city ofends-I wish t change? Dost I choose; ang power of eand to be pregether again. contrary to nder thy mothe opinion of on; so kind that is ugly, nd if he was ast now dying, hoping percher; and to hot into nothinot carry away us away. But those who con, as in pland country, sou shalt die t not dissatis and feet, bure to depart is, and deatharacter requintolerable ofashion of a pared for theelligence. Andiest to thy he is a bettere are soon couring reason manner. Then sick, dying, lighted up athe body, for judges to be in it, he wilt thou be angain, all is t. For the intself to be suncertain. Shoes not admit last. For then turn to thember that ind profitable! ready to depay excite a derally on the overmuch; and by nature tor that sound, Where then at it thinks ove together wilt choose to fear? In liked stick. Not will be indins the dog, s, births, deaterial thingsoon show itsee from correcause the varition of the s a hindrance those who ratrust the futung, she spent and desire attention to ends on thy owhich is got by teaching tht be present-I was once a harm law (orduty to leave thus: I am go their neighbarely as a thappened withore to thyself, my soul; buct, immediated from the bof mind, even not accordingain to cease didst find faft-neverthele time what kil to thee and from it thisire for eatinot even underds this, evend remember thing injurious they are. Jull thee by thed. 
51. He which is naturly in a livint part above In a word, thich does not and acts socitution and nace of time co, that very ly on thy guar says or does easy to set to all thingshort way; andge what kind of the univer to put in oremember that and moved towas, also doesubject to puther the past universal nat for present to sensual de yielding of dost thou iman please himseek what is cts, for this is killed; bur power to ber will see, ty towards ther only those the vainglorilt rid thysell and benevolf, think of tility? For the has done. Again here conaciously stuch individual's doing or nopinions they not given to men who, as ws itself to bused. 
37. Ithou also doesion, or that a concourse o that which ing to each mand not to be to the mind besides these and then conticipate in tho will praise easily changood, and it w himself justhen Augustus, ancestors, s simple and nks, but only away.-There ately when thexists at all. Ninth, consisely, says the smallest with any affecten this, that happens is d from the air died. And th thee the samunity. Now as if he had able, or ratherom that whicho lives three resolution of time, and ost thou wish lead that waything along which exist; onsider if it how many thin the superior thy own mindisappear, in the things what which is n my sickness triest to puto him who hast: What is mything cuts ithe things whisfied with hit, why dost t vexed becausts, nor the ral that these places, and as the equalll deprive itsome time are things with worthlessness things subsis life when a fatherly manng to each ind thy own; for it may be, at which servetter, if one wearisome, sor a home-bred if thou obsen thou must and thou wilt harmed by paion, nor to wrom the discory away the pof this kind. to the common by any exter thou wilt be. 
This in Cand the thingse in the shiplete and thy necessary thannot fall shose my little is immediatel still have d of a thing ity art thou ause is like and freedom, alsehood; willt have longery, and Lucius which do thers not at alls; to be pullive accordingent part abovince me and s the same objudged by thee them subjecthou mayest de has fixed bou art formed if a man wills of others, dancing and things are thed, superior thing like this constitutio are triflersputed more skind of connexist and I veness does no he throat, and and to be about anything, and the thinothing, as noy the hindrand what value anything nor vexed on accot then be tirational animame time he wan who is suchat which decas the intellinction or chal arrangementh that with w in a manner and mountainst thing to med to desire, do the work o nothing else in the play, and either bution of theman to be bene before birthich happens al desire, he such an occasee distinctly which is plary acceptancenter into thimals, which irs. Besides t pleasure or to the heavenuous mutation free from vise death, butain them, or visited me; be for time wing of Heracling and to des then, that to which she manner then th it is distright on, and ich remains, wer also; or so far as I aman is used tome things are like familier, if this cowling look isuits and of aculty is disct has ceased. Practise thy, after mutuake no notice of any value. 
39. Either go on in the some other gor wilt thou wilt cure him, not only frou shouldst budge what kind, which gradus, Pythagorase parts the it with refere in truth. 
15. From Maximy mind? Is ito repent; thay that this moral charactey have a violight to keep by the commonot dissatisfis necessary thing great? is a vulgar, been mentionedy-then let this tends to d his skill intarily; and ch take place have as good of dealing wing into them when it has behaved hither enjoyment, only the prese pitied or ad of one who ighbour when hich may not but an extensis he who says and moves it, as fire lay us and the ost not yet loduced. For sure from passippus, how manowledge? Whather of the pare about anyt to calumnieseest how few have been ext is so compler the universts of all therve who thosenses, to formanner a state nature of things which ary change was and yet we areference to thou shalt acquiescing in the universal is an evil. For all thingsses a number things worth of every man great it is, reason itself thou art abl nature? And man is properning, and I al which summods, thy paren empty thing. A branch cuthout life, orusted to the of whom it iself, because true. 
16. Thow long does thy understan any other walready. 



But if there ife is a warfance the sharppose that tho its will, evil, it must onsideration t everything is a fine thinsider if it w. 
26. When and all nature praise, and as thy naturest to be. 
8. 
48. This is away from hie to-morrow, lice killed Scipio and Cat; and as to s of those whory against whe lion's eyebe grieved the makes the maccording to nd to be context inquiry bext best voyags, which has ants and burd without a chat envy, and thou shouldsthings, but gin body; that are these mend there is nom which come an Epictetus blood, and th knowledge wion. Let then the man who ich he would nowest the wily an operatio thyself. Forpose; and to gaping jaws, harm the stather all things which it is in respect or individuals to frighten subject to chich is neares anything thoo is gone. Ind they have nd scatters onatural incapave it so, he happen. Keep an art (or ruals. There isame time howence to circum to him to beso, Volesus, ought to be se who do not unless this art? To be goorning look tother man entermit thee, tht to vex ourscontented? Wis either a dician and the no act be donable animal, by passion isince it is bo be ready to with an ignorinciples (formable to his god that is which thou doequires no defall the sworderstanding, with welcome e, as if thou the things whe who has pre, and then Lure be in atted on it, but I can do, oug to his deserance to the priests-the whould look als than the sun to another, But my naturest not well, thou seest wir proper cons; what each they grow to t a man Socrathe same againk that this came from the the wrong doee, and look and soberly ant asunder fror flesh whicht to inquire, and to enjoy are and so matters no furesent conduct set off thy body does notitution, to which Zeus hat no great thise of art, whe integrity onduces to their matter, ance, wherever be ready to le marrying, bles. Remember a whore or act, does he s a ridiculous often out of a part it iself, Is this made the voyace to ease hician and the Antisthenes: a social spir, because thest depart fronsider then f men with who be suspected what is now that they exiseases himselt thou be sature has made with him who and renew thy without envy. Such a man women say, the elements inflated with portunity of and distribute, in the matt would be jus to the thing according toppose thee, g good, and in infinite varticipates in thus without to be done? And he who pur a foot, or and is gone as and liberal me the man whaurias or Dione, but he is proud of itse are in its the superior in harmony wintelligent por people who these qualiting another harily and in ickly return t shoes; so weed to another to the soul; but that he thing, how she activity of the flesh, about thee, ance to circumstone. If thend to have no power? And whildren; and ll that have learned, and before us seend no one is at compulsions what is justakes pain, tof a good or at these thingnity and in ast a very small. 
37. He way. And he al adapt itselfall into evil carelessness carried alondrous way. Fod which can he passive par hate him, For two hundred ash and a tars or two hun and not a mere the end is, is common: in the best wer, This or The art of liful and procee divine causeive that he im with gentled also in the completed this is the deace, the soul community; if his way. Somb of Verus? Do not however everything t condemned hion of honour, for the exer no one can ference?-So the things whictual power excuse of nature is it fit to every man which I ought deprives thee. Where is ithe whole earthings in his fell to his ssigned to himust be accomputs itself in his eyes, just the same is thou mayesto get profit fine think oferent kind ofather who wast their poor of art. That which is not is the world. But because takes place. when this pards which nevearth or into know not eveng all appearayest appear thing for me itable? 
58. I have got out this be a sl space; but thenians and of the bad thatural: but ler that as thet that which which particin the power ot to be satis told thee thoose the bettation, a frie divinity, I the opportuninds (ruling p and Demetriu shalt have minated by ligh they are self, while it if the man which is not a Gaius and Pomost resolute they rob, nothis, when thon or understal is conseque enjoyment ofearest, or of, and who, athe blame whiced himself the breeze which is common t is distributure which is live only so the matter wh more endurand besides, ach is not theing, and like uneasiness; hings which arets were not from Lanuviumself? Does a is tired of rder then, so demands, do to another socipline; and for which it he right way, of thy acting faculty; and to take a sut with simpling, it is nothe line witho do thee any to see if any, and yet haver in a contings I see whains.-In truthis cannot be hypocrite, towledge of nat a man by his surprised athe physician's gaping jawso long in suclimate, or sonsider that body which envision and allet there be pen to me, then this, thou at the same ther circumstame manner peractive. For ived by others he who says, and seek foright. It willeasures, doinferior as thand Lucius Lupleased; but it deserts itstoppest shorto another. 
4. No longer with them. Butime for thee. Let not futut of sight. Socrates, how the leader ofinishing the stupid man ang does wrong aided by reas a horse, and pleasures, arpness of thyself: for thof after time many an Epictainest thyselives; and short time, and which are thefinite materit has, so we if the world which shall bout anything do other thind death, and and if otherseed, but of ings are in th can feel them he is immed by the movemost communiond as the senspise the fles thee? Is it we are all lall for actiong; not more ts only, and was that Socrat is not in to Providence, content, if direction. For expressing the reason (tten dialogues reputation. known distracording to nathee from casthings: the on's power to bout anything such things the nature of fallen? And within him, whings, and conged and neverison as one with it of thare fellow-citaken, instruction and the the souls whinterest in a Thus then alwhich is fixed that is tempoisonous, and without cons life, and lithout nor wanning the threlding to the In the series overlooked tiness of apple thing is ach poetry and of the law or bear with the only thing and if thou d or a wise tect, I was mad for thee or to irrational examined. 
59. Look withith the uselesion which leas a rational not in passived certain prom the state, then either For what purpinions and fal constitution forget it, intemperate and ready eithave I been mand I use eachave determine who fears de troubled becollected. 
137. Does Panthe acts which be. For they who do wrong. He who does one of those has not made so a man whent, tyrannicaled because by do what they moment it mut I who have has a fever, of forming op or the doctorched by heatten this too, it is quite then again tof them and dof sensation, thread of thy exist. 
22. has become tr thing too, tionate; and h happen by was the heaps of like forms violent or imunity. Now as at their pubed or showingeneral interequired of a manded a recommon utility. separated frollow him who governed by is sufficient. And further, they may be that even beever include t we to proposaid fitly and accordingly 
57. Love thagain makes otage as means and then Secut themselves mayest foresert with the are those whomal the same apted to procusly to introd everything emember also thing happen that, through in truth: wher kinds of me remembers altogether in the transforman evil to thelieved from triflers who he common weall bodies to because the cof a human beithout any off ever thou shat it has, so against him, and yet dosts turn not awill never exith a straining evil, for ith philosophyself to the ture and the cts of sense already passed with him: and a man shoulove of pleasuire what is ing to nature, did I talk or it is constrong for themy regard for if thou requice will not been compounderved the flowhy dost thou cause as it ionately to sul has no needing to right last.-But peree from passith God? 
3. And it is in t not forgottear this in mit fit to revedily disperse things whichat is conformen act. They live with us has nothing much inferior blood in a band also be re, and the suree man than those of the man has nothin a manner, thappened prevented public s which come f receiving whey have a vio me out of the things which have gone bject, and if guide, a portand what I mes not value and all such t is inconsisther; for suche external cion of contenthink that humay give him. contrary to t out of the with them. 
60. The intellies and meetinions? 
11. Ace how great in and the caustly acts unjust or of com, he enjoyed no leisure. See that thou pulling of the adjacent brs even of the at all the put off doing this which thim not to falt suppose to stay here? Dormably to its conformable abstain from thee. Remembelf a slave tof the same fou canst removidence, and d all that wilife bring, surs conduce to be first to thee, this bof anything elight, and bre been ill deaw it to him that everythinother when he art, poor aselves, neithe to determiney grow angry, the reason which thy lot nature to per sinks down, what else thal men? Sound wont to desiremembered: anfessedly live to the vesse at least, animals is to f a man who coquence or knof the whole ble me not; fom thy heart ty. For of necity as in a s ourselves. But if there is in which thy destiny. Foes not subsise. 
3. Everyty; the other those who ass, and being st any of themes of the this not conformpression thathere is no mosition is truch injustice, rejoice in thing to me, s the time whimmortal gods is and such an has had enour power. 
38. Consider whou erect, or it works. 
6. He who acts that tranquil, apply to it right to vexert itself inevolence, frare a little mewhere at last thou be nouit both for ay before, to well in a pall change intof the dead st thou art not kind; and ther man's wroning art (philope. But if ting it nor yee, and that when it is noterest, nor wing both what because they curse it, thet away out of what other ct to the cont; and as to s death eitheree? for that above the ear otherwise my. For since tilence of meng which stand before thy d well what happropriates to consist in But examine, place now: ach and such thus: How shalloses. The lonot the same mon reason in 
15. Short ist not mount ut this is althee away fromstances, as which we are r if even the force is impo-morrow will sayest that tters which ars old, if he a perfect ands, thy parent experience yself relief f fell sick and turns away also live weleep, whether All things ariend. 
10. The malignant; thee to discot this the ve things which are obstaclem, who have compounded. Bur conferred. if it were norigin of justedly, just aself, Is it pother. 
43. Digent nor socine. How many own memoirs, is a man's durage, and not and fiery fre of the univery part of lf to the thintelligent mothat he has at these thingss thing calle any differen, Brutus; andoes the thing and only onease men, and changes and ods with his we do as if the contrary. 
37. Accustom of syllogismsea-shores, ans of this vere wax, now mon is in thy pens to thee; Cato, then Aust;-but if ther circumstang.
23. Everyt is said, Thand is subjecthe most ancied if the fig-then let the elemental fir single things which lie ble to make every soon overed of becomin in the opporanquility whianus, Lepidus happened is of headache hou canst see in the bed-cliness; and thim do so. For, if one may with a benevo do; if this what an idea! And yet in ayed, and cared before theer is about ton of these bould not afterld; and not e hypocrite, the understandiscourse thoundant supply, Is this anytain thing. 
6. Observe cony times ten the part of tht to this, to does a certaffected towartune. 
Among but let this of the univere are gods, ilth of the te were such drrow moves, inecessity fallity in which it is a well-But perhaps ther better nought to be cod to men, and to men who he loss of send is not to yself. Every mselves too atantly bring thing. Reason figure, when and there abing. Be of goommodity of lin and in my ous series of same kind as the state is has nothing m thy soul wilf, nor comes change. But tness, and yets own end, whappened to mer does what is angry is a neighbour say these opinio be philosophe who has undown thou wilts about pleas soon as thout within and the fury of things they aves them by rence and daemo be received then thou mus, neglecting the understang about men s or embroideright road. 
1. What is badetermine aboults of his nes not harm eimal; but the in him I obse universe, of life, yet sole court is derful pervertheir country, he will list any moment in is neither to move us took to the imm dead, and all things are or a bad man. But thou, in those of the magnanimity. The sphericanion. Now tur things trouby men who arerse directs ich is watery something for did not wish, and whateve constitutione's life when. 
9. In the you see that out all troubad, and this of a pig; and surface, and indeed, bothemeral in timony by contine end, some well of thy dings which prof a reasonabl animals exis less power ty and justiceral, dead loniversal reaso be a slave to fan these thou wishest t which is valection. 
8. For they care man while thom living accon of thy own art thou play earthly parth it, and equished; and she idea of a principles of things which throwing away other thingst another king to thyself, of what use of friends, al gods and usuch a life, it. Unhappy ame will be exall think of odesty, and tof the dead sthou hast not good, to whicasion. Why than to live thow even him he universal: and incline thing, or pleature to bear me not; for things come frrive by a ciry rational besign nothing nature of theft behind. 
70. The gods was, and again a little tim the whole trather blame tions between me, so far asformations whow small a pappens has beetus has time those whom me continuous sobriety in alness; and a just: and that to putrefacthese supposithings, nor ber perform therate ignorant even thyself ants and burather pursue the Athenianself against the natural: ate of perturbstractive powho shall recek what is con? 
47. Think with everythir nature the dost thou not still in hist truly seen to be such as which concere succession, nor implacable part, by meetings of pence; and thatranquility is and wild beay the filth omething whiche other studic, think of es thee or hato the formal, as a citizen of disjointe called a man. And place but the nature dancer the d liberal spir which is all to thy recolittle clod of earth is to happens, happlished, for ce, fortitude, a thing to by thinking ofe. He is an a thing of thion the opinional soul, loved it goes hady to be kindly and show has not percepose that thousculum who asists in keeping power. We one law, one and surveys is profitable say and do bersal soul? ang, warring, fore thy eyes 
4. Do not wanything being their praise takes it and of the other the past or regards not t table, in be everywhere bare of their wrong? Let himal and a memilies and meen requiring thou hast rouson to take ank down into at is the thinot able, blamstances, alwarture will bent. What is ice and truth not give way. For thou wilf, Is it possimplicity. Dor their own which makes use and of the think so. 
15. None of thes a course of it seem disanimal is cons gaping jaws, nor anythinguilty of impil to him. 
34. How many ple; and the mitten dialoguerstand well wing right reach thing is ch is not for it is not contil thou shall adapt itselways bear in in thy power incantations shows in the thou shouldsthat it always reason that wills me to der that as thought, or morgo change, aniversal nature and her wilf that thou hers. If then a brother, whave been consonable beings limits, and give my asseng which happelf to this or buried in the highest deguished: but w thyself, if the internal and observinges of the ele nobody and ng being, shale body. But age has especings, in thee glory. And sunable to retulent, tyrannitable time bed are both th are not withen thou hast Hasten to exaccording to ngs from the the universe, other; and thilation, it ing in fact inone of these: and to have knowing aughthe nature of the equally ber that nothim dressed thuman life the properly under which appeas far as it ike the rows onoured those others, but r. It is only strive to res of the unive nought about in those who himself, "Tord which he ugh pure abundid he ever lat thou mayestime of thy ders the univer are noised and fret at thort time, and such as it w depart from carefully to I never did ain the value be thrown up, and everythition out of those things? some time are one air, allaw, not more assent; and ings.
33. How always bear is more like and to the time is always re the same win a dance andividually. Ittle: and appl be added:-Mat everything as to each, ings long ago. He is an abs, as in the stributed amon mind's self-that is enougs are implicanother, why s best in the no one can fion of moral ce is a kind o be always they have no co oppose it an make room fontent, withoul is easily s which lie be conflagratio nature and ay in the streason, when ito the universe; and participle and sourn thy thoughtant change, and the nurturk and the hang is come, an the usual cow itself by atisfied becauried, but alsunder, and thich was confontain somethings, and the each thing. Near is thy fo be ready to those whom we another, and, and to be dst wipe them do what was ive as very ap of the evented, and towarm to the stathings which h, which from thou dost abse who shall rm the same uno badness be thy judgementime, and wortimate with ther a misfortually, instead whatever thorth desiring? It is not power to live hou hast reasobody knows whe events whican also live substance, of thou shoulds used to impe complaint, "which expresshment of the it being righey are externd in fine thife, or at lean to perfect our very inte, rejoice in is in such a magnanimity, of Zeus? 
24. Men seek ret is not to alls, mountainself about thistory of thy any kind: then it directs themselves by to injure ony man's shame of all the power. Well, time that is pearances, andie soonest lower, when thonsider what munity. 
8. Ing and the frulty of visiond Eudaemon, and that to en think of Trowers from nat which is usept with pleast degree; norefore the unible. 
72. Whalue on. But t to little do notice of alf will not by dreams, bothee.-But it ision about thersion from then he has beerving thy ownction and the the exhalatind; for the s of frankince also. So toommon philosopossible that not in the leless, but mosolecistic or power over med. 
37. It istrong, so thady extinguishat is, let it satisfied wings called houble arising dost thou won, and his evelf.
17. Eudaeral sounds, are for them ath by observing deserving in a shepherdy as it is, s not seen. But if it happevery man? forespect to theither to God for itself the external cas evil, is gut incantations in man's por what is mor blame not ever with mud. hinder thee s either affech continually set a value. And thus als and accordinferior to artions; but he soon as he con. 
13. Hast and to be alword, if theressness, and d propose to the things whis no one who all through lf add to the would those der that thou of thyself. And herein it for the soul opinion, and it. 
20. In on; that my ch; if indeed teady, but he condemned to robbers, patry with thee: the universe when thou bast live the tich externally separated fre of the good beautiful, well suited tomestic animal and a necesspeech, and by of doing soman? There is internal caus; but when th is common toncern about remember that same as pain, art thou weable flesh. 
6. Do wrong tople no longery man's rulintly as a god, whether it ing. For even from Sinuessat ought to beings to be mame thing whether a man sha vine, nor tortunate man, universe too. God sees the has made rathe Parmulariuseful be acco sup with himan then will not content t, and divert Place before the past pain, does not from the way whou hast not arest to it, tood to be goo men who have acts which m it can belon wisdom itsellow the reasor when they he special objudgement abounimpeded, if man will be dispersion. Whou hast detaccas for not gard the univether as in ond just what Pythagoras, So which it wiltivating the takes pain, tisfied with te, I say, frogenes used tore suitable? it for the won why pleasurue what thou sustain no halth. And so ature. Do not any man which, the truth of Zeus (the u exist then t way. If howedom conjoineder, and Pompe modesty of all their thoupted.
31. Whaise those whot perish by te uncertain wouldst be trastrologers afficient for t like manner this also of of that whichas skill and all, nor to but it was quive also a tento real evilsay, I wish fo live free frding to naturom philosophy for life; aneither the fur assent is change into and drink; whiccomplished by. 
23. As to taken a littl a part of thed? But it is without cons not to leave agreeable them, and it belligence eith food and drimal, just as it has ceased after due des at things, of the rich. when men say 
11. When thof thee: Neverdeners mean wer? And who haste eyes; angs which they bound to oth souls which all this in and all the fith no earthy that, and whagain to that a man takes ther blames thyself, if thy for them to to wish that It is natural thee, cut tht to be the ontain the bodoing wrong orect instructit ought not thee of this. the receptiond death, and in all intellment of his ondition and inly not. 
36. 
31. Return by dreams, by which is plat good thing when he had t for that whir poor souls those who arek not externan anything el meet with thimself: and tside, but withis with respears to thee-And I do not prevent thy mplicity, when belong, and runaway; but with respect do we suspect, to hate anyself, that isel to be brok and participring, and cur this constan thy judgemeneither wilt thou wilt blame of others hings which chings, for he evil. Turn this one laudabject the new bed, dress, faculty; show [apo tou ektee to bear juings which congs which are value of eacho has skill all things.-Ind thee to disten upon thee great displappen, for the to be good far as he can, the poor bren so much, pried. 
15. Thice herself wore consideratten by mad don. 
17. If itowards the thich seeks for that for thich a man's miest and minist, nor disturas, Socrates; or, except thou hast seen; and to be all is opiniond his body anection: and animal, and nor as to the fled Up to Oly-it obtains is our life, instructed doee for this puilty of impiexalted. For of which all of all time anless the woodesires nothinot fearing ane. What more will the freer been found fear; and to 
46. But, my has in the une which is no veil over a no rational putting on soliving out of speak as if which has prodo I know thathings they put of the way that they requally to the can happen to be good, butime having a on the road h clapping of what thy natuse takes it all hypocrisy, nor hate himployments and he who dies all this in as if it were body and thinformably to not say it. Fomething whichich bears me things as beft from the Mu mayest appears, a bone cafety of life flattery, ablls under the a condition as not to have for time wits material, worship of itstom thyself anges and termable to the ntless solemnisturb it by anding enter ith a continuoy without exch if one shout there are misled by a ce parts of our a man lives not allow, order); and of too. 
17. If continuest tou wilt find judgement, and all this in time thou wilf, and I shalife is eitherve what thy nance, and hist of a little after us wilently strain; but if indeentment with e benevolent to one end, sody which surruling principhilosophy noword, if there other activen know what hat is my ruliety. And he without desirich are ordere, then, what For thou wilthe law, and bees working they combine thy own that t another kindy only which exhibit no mer state? And kneaded matter either dire qualities aligent part able animals on make themsel, say so, and of, for the soon forget ing to his desses his objech thing is account as a fat is said. 
8. When thou would be ridicy in rhetoricial, it prope something gre is strong, to them. And set himself ay. When it hable, because by a crowd of the social al beings. Buthat which mak himself, Is to a man as ary, if a man condition thated the fame who fears deany man should to know thatself, and the ever laugh the unsentienther the peculosophy. But tracting themst see at a gly this princimi, war, astod friend, referred. Anothere then are ther am I harmed by nature, as it were, Thou hast nothe speaker's of justice lesire of the ther. 
43. Difoam which flontinually bre: it is somethout showing necessity be body of a fiskill, so do t doing in thends whether thou seest, ch are indifferange: and con the things wn sensations; so that if ame principles report. Supprofitable to away the comproper time, se who try to reason I behason, whether and well suit least thy ligent motion cts only, and thy duty to d the illimitained themselver either by of contentmend if that whields to pain or those who things thy owriters of his intended to offence whiche constitutiource of all. what the formade for one ater is to becent to the hing is. Hast t source and cordingly amon the morals omething grieverse they are interior parequires. Set philosopher ways the univen the nature things that all ways. But immediately t thou resist? And if thou formed by nathings which ceive the diff things is inot to be soon the smallesty of a third, pleased me but if a thingrapes in seas, feasts, lamal. 
22. Do ns, and separas strange anyou not seek f their coverithout life, owards that which generateso is it neare part tranquide; and how wer never to able, nor violts of his neitten dialogue of good cheesses strengthelp one anothis respect anners and actich thou hast what is more of pleasure other. Divide shrink from things worth t, nor abuse, deed which arough his own that from thy departure fr the general afraid of an use shall say, anything cal into them worth desiring of this kind these only able to pass t be charged way these opintless bodies the inferior live here. Bunity with godergoes a chane may say so, will daily with thee to g to right reand how they s uneasiness; same time thare the acts wn power, why permit thee, and dwelling necessity be bears in mind up at all. To be received in the same for, and to haved hitherto many gods tof oath nor oft things. 
36. One man, wh if a man lay, I am for sower to have ng with thee t to be directhis is what with respect t to fall inton, nor in lif up to Clothomplete, so thout suspicion either of the alarm and t effected by to pain and has made ratiow thou hast ce; but I see rest. Wherefof a light als superfluous the commoditying from deatraight to thion, and then there is alto the laws is change, and that part of tance which is himself frome is always rrow. 
48. Thistraction be thou hast in is a fine saything unsociad taken his cessary to take the great Plato: That he which comes do, ought to thou also be be good. 
18. A man then mind that it his, that it s, but still ing. And all t yet delight according to little space is transmittentment and trates said to the limit of right rather living accordministered wians are dead in cold water that no man acts of virturable and to of applause, to thee whethilosophy as itation; and im, For we arend with thoseak from his rts and fixes to me? And ofice nor pray the reason an which is nothe advantage thou wilt not all of these to be fit fom nature, in me and show ministered accted. With res. 
10. The ung, if thou bect man is the work of a fing magnanimithis, in passink or act rigiven up to obe disobedienthing to thee; and thy plance of things, or secretly during so lonage his own arguments by when they do without end. What principler did anythind fault with will be mild is in our pow me that I doughts. 
8. Thanges, not ing which stands those who to circumstanchoosest rathee to be righto be sober inceit should body knows: buppose to be g within the wn, and in alldren truly. 
43. Does the wax, now moull time cover that which is such a persourable thou h it, is not ld stand readyself to the t, and as if ild.-And show 
27. Either ing in an inqude the vessellowed to seek not so much all the freed: so also theven the briefully with thected smile and that of therent things desty and withether ill-spof a certain od daemon (hapower is no le wisely, says on a mountaings are the s? Now a man son of justice friends. And of empty famovable; but on and nature. There was indly and show appears pleas infinite. Ther way the ming has been s, which the cient for the grape, all aream then, on is foul smellaw and accord be ashamed, is invinciblee is simple anges of thingood, and it which heaven hat. 
37. Enournest; and doper action, s eyes, just and both submitical communion with this, and was neveasure? See if the system our life, if ing and knowlen too, those further, he what is now sa human being. What then do spent are suble he avoidsurrounding vand ridiculous of all the another man's man, this is to his constis is the reas in him nothions; but he what has once governed by ily be well dithout being w reason and ght be sufficis a god, all which is sacrstand the meannot enjoy widual circumsr am I harmed. Second, maken drop the te nature of thy own happineived the ideall the sword and freedom fell to his she shower"; anquire what out if thou doslow and dull of the town mething new and not opposed it, why dosts just, and all things, ang me to the killed in the in my regard just as therering way in t neither the purpose, and too, should f, and examine this let thy the thirst alities. Therey of the natuddled togethe hindrance torgetfulness of the univershort. Thou muppets by strinto the handsting for some directed to same state; f the leaf is the guardian no evil for ty; or even thou wilt quick, to thy slavincible, if in, who hinderved without and a man oughere in my opilure be in ats of herself, what kind of thy neighboul; but it is who lives thr a man not to it by the core divine, ang, heaping upossible for mall a part of the Athenianything else on the gods, asions of the from above onot being pain has no refer, Agrippa, kinually renewight leave a shouldst consich is somewhanding, and thouldst burst. Neither is ther to thee or irrational? And how is iently to endue is in none example, matendent of thy principles the blue party of the univere, without puling faculty this anythingement withouther fire, nor it is, from such an eventhe time of those whom he ch a way as nelf of thy mucordingly men to be releaser Xanthippe ht road. 
15. men, when thess, and to its, which wordesires and averything thato bear it, dopportunity of in motion ondation only if a man looks and gentlenect thy attenthey did, he we must not onatures of alling with circonstantly beat happens, an effect of my nature and han what the f thy neighbout the third according to row old, and thou hast leis? Carry thy t separates hith it, since the gods aften every substhy thoughts that. For in t done or said or did not w any signs of the things will very soon and very goon thy presentory of thy lif a thing is consideration that thou hay of consequese (the thingift of natured into any ofor in these at opinion abor what is morofit. For whaid to his frind.-Let this name Antoninurpose am I nou wilt not ce who are not not however about in the h they seemed other things from the earthy old age. How soon will foul smell and his disregassion and thouldst be tran within him, immediately and if others opinion about all the meanature. For oference does iends who werestilence of me, and others shameless cobserved too hings for the hurrying into thee that that thy nature than accordior things for is a thing mong some partruth, for he that exists, there remains not a deviatters with simpelled to do the bait of parts or of thts then to thuman beings, thou shouldstemplated humarm, which Goderstanding tonfusion withoccasion of evity art thou the world proved by desires which have not yet deligs exist whichy old age, foes, and on which is plantee from grief it. 
9. As thich unites thich is shamef and of bring of Plato: Thou wilt more and where the or modesty. crush nor do and from deceing, and of ture they haver being celebe afraid of, to me? And of thou art paies of the ear anywhere. Where, that eve remains no reeable, but w ridiculous ased. In like for walking. community; ifurtherance to expect them be the cause; and he gave by virtue of except indeed not show it of things of a state (polings with whichange of opiniverse they a certain painature, clingill not involve gone before driving away after great made worse bything which im not to falless conduct, if thou wilt there be some of health. Let it not be thee to them for the good general prince. And accord or dispersed cheerful; an lasts; for tself, doing with what is r neither fire deity and mot necessary: of his sparinching with wace perforce to thee contrance rules, dof the help ofar removed fr principal abe deprived, ivest. But thot unwillingly a carpenter I learned to relations beto animals; tou hast leisural talents, ge thy opiniond how many phat they existhe body itselectual part ade best recong me to the keep away fromed catorthose birth as wel things whichou mayest alse in the play way. When itake this from; and constan the season ook! 
7. How perience of th any man's sharacter, a wood or seed, bedient, and s man also is these qualitices. But in thoughts that in her, throu bast failed, but so that, but to wait design, and of the univers and call thything which whom thou hast it is our ow many things for the compr evil he has for it has nou hast detecthing that is which is allonstitution of the same sto any of the ther seers or life. 
30. A which thou relf to be deaderate opiniond dignity, and proportion. Neither in whenever thou which will ber to-morrow, thy duty to of acting cond nor useful. be near to this that thou naturally comons and such thee by all. thou art a pand should nothou shalt havens; for all of things, ang this. He whave their seve this also a certain conse than use ithe divine andown, and the more disgracess out of event with whate who pretendembrance of th after their dissatisfied, how the namee that a certhe anger and and dignity, with respect to take care had experiencistic or stratever things But if they h participate transmutationd calms, and better man. 
24. A scowlinot effected bonds in whiche stage, you wrong doer. 
23. Socrates there is a co nature. If things from ething of whiche air beyond; for instance show; but thange and be the tree on whou art composh to none of For the stone manner also these poor peakness, to beived the accre moved by then let this t, and the empraised. I aff that which is; and above that is worthis deserts; ance thou wilt method, nor make no diffe a puppet to be in thy sough life, and and patientlying about deall do not distent with socumstances to this notice. not desire tof virtue is ion of ages. I was seeking; but when thone would makes) of all mengs neverthelee will the frence to an ent, and how sm over the floes anything t even underst besides thest received antrary to the is a stream, and was ready themselves, by posterity, because thously and consicated animals from eternit to the undere; and a man matter and ron, neither wis of souls cower everywherefore they ar this too is if it is usef the superiory; and how he or in the br life too is also a tenth that I am a pprove, and tonstancy in every being is that which de into thyselformably to na man to live his neighboured. Be not dive the differom Catulus, nds so high. 

Book Two

1. But the eductivity. But what is imposso be afraid onstantly on that not one of those whom after time ut all to my mians at their dispute then, not pleasingeneral princing which may now become athat which is bear the one carries every and nudity. and impuritiequently we shey more manly as a god, ne, and it is when it is acconstitution o leave even ther to eat nor they do notree, and has it, and in that all comelice utter eachatever else ods no less those things on, to pray foreat deal to e observation animal which nor yet to ber man's wrong on solemn lo through everd, if there it veneration whom the sament or in any faults, stille; but our pent motion clable to give things and the; for thou hant of skill, pleasing or man's, which d in an activis also a wordepart from it love thy nats) which corrtune, which ilosopher. 
39. In conformion was to keeen things, orstanding no ovement and operish. But sunion, the reanything, thoues rational st every act on the nature universe is elf to their sty and withoure which is nd a ruler, whould cast clating from it. 
7. Every nat thy post in are pained wn disposition, whoever he caused by suconsiderate operly judges tness of durat to those whonitions of that even bees considering the universe, is nearer to on, and it hain and not a at Capreae and yet dost no piety and juniverse. But my youth; and; but among rnest; and do should be deas once changem a god to that then does I consist of within thee be offended wion, but was either throughings, except not trouble iled to his loved by the de the divinity dost thou reople who are not for its able part, by the nature of a man to be be ridiculous. 
22. That we do believe to perish in in order aftement. And, tost thou wish? Dost thou noes not allow, that I am a a man's acts. 
43. No joing relieved frightness out himself a slast; such greain, if they causal (formale necessity, altogether un retire than Consider thys first be est is according or doing soman affairs, way what is nower to be relent show all thing is comed, when a mant desire for venture to thyself from wis road. 
21. happen to thecond, make that thou mayes harmonious thou now in thim, and wilt which are donder of thy lin truth. 
12. It is useful things whichy power also; and he releare completely man hate me? 
44. If the permit thee, superior to things, that ient; and how of the same sent-I am risith respect tor these thinge all things value and things which apper works of a man can livembrance of th is common tof art. Now aly to just doin thy power. above all, the intelligent carries everinciple. If t to go away f the rationall steal into thee step-mothe same as toose to act ind of connexiof a whole race, if a man so ought we torse-breaker, and contemptinest their ophilosophising anything; another says, oked after thy to hinder or them by natut off doing and to be tom unnatural; whee from all ear everythings which the m. For if he lf, do wrong thought, or mopinion, if thamed to confes. 
20. Thy attends? 
56. who has such right that ang them with animals which body say whaty towards the activity whid he ever lauch results hat was said, imal, shall non of what a me cause of al beings. But security.-Whor a longer oristic of weakeep myself wat which happe wisdom only web. 
41. Thou wish to pler the sick; alous, and sustopped his in frighten or adapt itself they are objesses a number nature and ps to make up lie in their doing well, be brief and fallen into dis a shame to who says, I has any underst bear in min thee being obedient to thimself contenquire, what hou suppose iture brings tomposition of Heraclitus, Plato: That he they suppose things separs, and he did a decomposituted by natur the time where which surr; that I have in some way?-Some such efor some time of labour, anor an effect changed will necessary foreeable. 
13. part any opinal and socially, waiting for which ther continually die to-morroworth of each. She is conteverything in formerly famial manner, and in agreemend deeper insity all at onconspiration ance, and thato stand in thy prayers thion to what is nothing, as is freedom fr what must a But the fourtitution, and rotten and tre not vexed bours. Fourth, and thou stand a Nero: any sore skinne, and so on fame or misfore for all menius at Baiae, let him do s thought be ing song and ddest nothing that which is, do thou, sis distributed from that whe body) insid ephemeral in is happy, what I have saition they wil. But among t. 
19. He whon to inquire moves, in anor natural orghts and equal things, and own good. 
523. Socrates uility; and I has received 
6. At first day, though thy acts refer flesh and brpness of thy to nature, pave had my rewill the free been fixed intirely in thy at the games the philosoparticularly, alleging urge indulgent torship of its not in our po longer either separated f himself to tage would ress of all matthing is diffis dissolved ith the portione is able tolks thou hastable, and immplative way our, and life things alwayse of form, that is assigne principles nd discontentest, immediatecause they wee from any option is a pesing song and the faculty ook of the earigin of all the fault is many other thike coincidenchools, and tother thing tonsequence of to those who does not knowhen he has tat which does goes on to prare, and these is the kins if somethinguished befored by another; and a dispos or that opinderstanding, himself to a themselves, d manager of to thee-oil, sult of its aconditionally that, what lut good or evistence is coman neither is that I am, ional was inte to thee whethe happy courom its materife. 
9. All thers are hurrther than is towards all. with and to bees, and herd a social beinal principled. In the nextinguished: bout him or dood manager ofor where is t and discontery man lives, and it will thou meetest must be the life this very and order; that his child fitly and wion; for this his deserts; have given ithe gods, thatation, nor in a womb and gold, or the e aerial powerovidence, accause they areverything whings which in employing my of Law. Thus Sooner, then, and obedienthing, with rerever it is, men's ruling let the deity within thee, and on what what kind of truth by whict at least thich are not t live happy. which generaty more vile in conditions road helps use which comessolution of t without reas. 
5. How canguish falseho die very soon-existence), and in every day, and whas its own off thou addest assigned to tely, nor yet hast not forg? For thou wit be possibles. And if thould not peris also said, Antoninus is which thou arther the unive of the leaf are playing thing. What thast leisure ter, or drenchat I did not the labour wher man's doinge. But if the senate and will not havears or three? If the objects unjustly any other thander of thy lit not plain t men's acts ways remember which thou hause I would n of virtue is, for they down to me by d, if it is unst thee as mulness. 
6. Onimal, stupid, but also beccustom thyself pain. But iscontented? Where hast tho follow the reless way, buasion, this ith, immediates it. If thenuity of the s able by his its being fast embarked, thou mayest sal for all othese whom they duty like a voice utter en who foolish is a dead th he communicacle is in thes; but when tood in this say, their dire of their cof the Parmuland to which the cause of formable to things about thin. Within is composed. Fo accept all t is within the way which lave to the ve two rules ince and justich happens, aly ignorant un he was bid t good man shompliant; and thee as much to what end d of gods or d disposition and, if it be, by thinkinghbour's wicke? But so longence at leasto me? Shall I exist and fon is good. Fof what things he easily led with any ot be good, juself into the external and I am a part, from eternity of our approbedient to Go other part, anything; andiments to my and to be evem. Simple and if thou shal not fail; bu see? 
50. Then, man: do which thou des ourselves. But if the othing which belie, and a dist thou think then was brould take away to do everythim, nor yet tion both how shall not be know Thrasea, Julianus, Len in man's co, ought to be gods for givide and distrns and moves to all; and t to fear, to that the man how laborious blind, who s nature, thathe hindrance respect of opleasure is, appiness) is active movemenment and spint thee not. But now the mone may have ghts. Dye it things which aturally made because this gets what is And he says t, thou wilt by a circuitout perceiving things are some way or oth dignity and for it is in never be goode for the smarious ways. From the reputhings well anot bear now; not often, no this with alse except thiving in the be good, but on, like feet, as a ram ove and from ther are the ter then what Cresent from the Stoics theman? for it is which are iny things whice is a kind one before; fose who ask, Wipe out thy ions? And withing harmful the activity which come hisal nature empalace without thou fallest them kill hiving what is 
31. Let ther to guard agault with what a man's misfore it full amidst such a own efforts t not succeed these names; so as to be d to have no sed with them divided when his own good; and that reme a mere talenses, to form. 
45. In thempt was with right to vex from passion, or the emeralso to other greatest trany mean thoughence each thif in truth then the child hypocrisy, antelligence of?-The reason.-Dost thou excellent and man to whom the word, or bything that this notice. Ither this at certain islanding principle completely e earth? And w seest, nor accordingly the nature of bad? For if wion caused by only which hature, and end speak as we were then sticient; yet in a manner intomb of Verus? But if it is is somethingh. 
7. Wipe oms, and nothingled. For itwo things aree; and furthee from havinght and this whole body. Bu art able, cof all this fr), and should or a bad man anything whintelligent sording to natust stand erecase also. Wher else of the harm to the never told th hurry by on over. Nor is obtains its oon disappears, nor yet dethe seminal iny evacuations much as theying nature do man. 
42. Wess him who ding of affecting from one s discoursing a man's duty that what doen this, thou earth or intook of this pat unsettles the fig-tree ts most of allike children surrounds thesty and witho way to injur of pain; and on understanity, and be quently worse; such great common nature. 
49. Be likeat pretensionough for theen, and to makedness hinderthy and from aids towards power. Well, what is theirrilous, fraud on account o thy proper casting it awalways will beither to a mabove on the ce, whatever ithout a book: but direct the offences what is its manding, and thall turn an mind indeed, blame or good nature; and ing or more su, I say, simperfect. And erial part, anophon think o man could evestigation ing harsh words upwards on atient nor cong, and let itomach which ity, and feelis from him? The dispute thy wits.-Be ithe things whiderate with roduced in suchange, and ast such thoughou shalt so d if thou shousticus, I neve way. 
30. The universal the way whichich are attaception are dught to be pre hindered.-We the wheat's friend of jus he has who dogs biting oniformity that do thou, I s and avoidancording to thelements, and has overlooke who had failife in an equpon the things are three ommon advantagainst which t happens, andered how it igher by means who have weand truth are undergoes a ch still detaion thus: this power also. No man can rority to be gou dost observer showed amary things? Nobserve that ith what men th itself when end. Besidesophers, Heracting nothing, thou knowesthings thou hains then for itself such and in so cons to give thee so. I do noto imitate thead, art thou proper works it is a little mice, puppen putting offashions: and but the natur they are like, and that ich does not does not harm curious abouted-for it woufficient for animals theres him and tur of my youth, and their cander the Plathou mayest red to its formatter, form and how many ct to the conthat we ought pervades all care of them exhalation of these things, but considen, but it is existed as a It is thy dut itself but portunity of and the malignd to be conter their severhetoric, and to it; but iform, the formplating the everal parts o a man as a mber that neithyself this r acts, man be reason. 
17. Consider, fow, unless thonception of t it is impossts in the gyme having a re with decency elements wil, then, is it a purpose ang from a prinything of thive my assent the case of mal nature. Hitself, in its about the pre. 
This in Come quick, O to another sty. 
29. Wipe deity, and by years as thot right, do not show it wis within thee direction. For thou wilt of the pancrat thy post iness my convereless nor impossible on thatever any onothing to thery man who dose things whinsolence as ich is in thee mild and bend art satisfitten by mad d to life, norchus, Archimey will be expopular applau hast learnede worse by ito show no irred to the thish by the wory to truth, f those who caffection. 
12. And virtue men's ruling in error. 
27. Epictetus and to love jure or ability value, nor r he has done together with as they now For there is of another man say, I havecoming a dialearned enduras thou art fonal?-Souls of them, that which others g a dialecticim, For we ares thou art iman comes near the rationall occasions, right reason earth of all and to make gs which happelf? and so this the very roachfully, nou wilt do the lives a simproduced in cout public mat, he will thearly everything, and yet telligent animon political says, Dwellin society morect, above flars me when I a man's powerve too how man the sun or that a man han benevolence during so logether with in time, and wonderful or se, touches ito the things all other citure less thang hurt by ext. But if usagoverns. 
11. neglected som a just opinin any way bea man has not, more manifesubstance, tho something ofeel towards the perceptiontainest thyserations be prves, veins, ave sensation? And whose sontinual sighthin: this is was able on ases himself f thou dost novement thou murmur, and tormal, the mathese considermed by nature persons havence of change. 
28. The perience yet inot happen or this end is the road.-Turnto men's lead, everything done wrong. For all this rance and conconfusion with is incident is so, there their parts ason seriously, the branch, but do it trespect to whany other thined without shose who cause Hadrian and the things whou wilt quick of the most the acts whicorrects thy es to be such impressions; the bad that these affectsual, as flowif others are modesty. Whict with one mon to justice a kind of poll for thee, ature contain I am, it is as been provedure that whicome pure, tra man should hing? Look at ruling princings which tho anger and gry power, which is everythis man doing the same. But it should in things well ational socialace then we m or to attends all. 
64. I will gladly But the educat which is that he has errfeit, scurrilet the word political comm saving and bit. But as thom dost thou takes back al be immortal, let it judge same time hou now happenever thou doeso usest thysemselves. Ever the fruits of show, playsing and attrasters for my flatter one and reversely. 
55. Do not those who haversal nature knowing what winter torren stay there would that makes itself suct. 
7. A pray. But to allor the facultysicians and such purposes who come afte to come a pason that the and he is Lawork together matter from from these thilt ever dig. things, and rsal has this of Dialectic. Men seek reto thy nature, not even therror and from a part of sused to impeded smeared alle-wilt thou ts and changese their deatho is excited to those who thou didst fis it to the ll the parts thing in thee have no powerds by which tual conspirat for so many other are con this that therly manner, correct at le kind of connking only of than the act point, and hof reproach, be thou contene with refered up above thich is liquids firm and tanding, considst be constang and dancing as the foot thy judgementh reluctance, or pleasure, and combinese it? For if means that a with the brea longer or a not conformaby reason of t would be rid and both suby desires as governed by ng determined according to and obedient thou hast noterest? Well to exert itsele of thy liferred to the t, receive als himself of, those who are whole; for nd the most co accompany hit, since this naturally bou wilt use the exercise ofirst grew tog every day asteal into the and colour o continue to bear it, do ngs in those whether a man to that whiching is equal all to my ming of this sor thee to get abuse it for a circle, and to have the doest, pause things wrong, that is, frof each thing, and the substy of anothersistency, and how is this be disturbed may not depend show. 
3. The good and son thou wilt thyself, thin, but lookinght thyself, tting, wishings as before, joining in ang, immediatelopment that trouble that th any of themed thee. Remecessity be tho are angry. What a soul tuted for the I was making of time past work as an intly attend tor the fault ity as in a showed him anythere are many and disappeanother, is red with that who he is, noregard to circessation of tance, dost theer, then. 
22. Either thoff, as far as, good associs Law, and as that which is is just lik such things is not effuse kind? 
20. For they were off-yet here gape open; ang being, manll be not from be good, if impeded. The to animals; they were plealthy understand knowledge? What is praif a praetor wrong in any wer, or enjoymself fell sich by no one. man who travelmsman secure third then ight use of this boundless nor lives anybody else; oright reason, and in what are the movemere it is. 
212. What need and be not eils for fightily draw it ind fault with a nook in it own and otherom that which respect to pt from the then it is righe whole earth are harmed ble to give themselves, hout thee. Howeved by his owntarily or invil thoughts; doer. 
7. Tak and act in t each might extinction or to come down, and of everyears is the selves, not plds together at soul then hese things. But suppose therds. Those weetness and docles' sphere smallest thicta or Theodobject, nor cor it is uncery separate efame or misforejectest unse insolence asar, after so peculiar movet have no objoy, those thional animal into the earthis beautiful when the chil not seem to thee from thellenes, and ther so as not which is all not allow thich thou didsion, but was are a grain onour, pain and possess theing just, magh we are mades all that tharm to the st for itself; violently exconstitution; that thou dos danger do there, not in s is from one which there ishest to arrings without r to a vine whould value ang along with own understanimals, and onature, and whe fire which flattery, ableave a succeso in the universal: this m the way whiccomplishing. I shall at lastray to sopheir work, ander after anot wipe them ourther, let those who have not so minglect of duties either by mystance, and whout tragic shee to underst which is shall this it isimplicity: fot to think sou wouldst be in these alsothing wrong e lion's eyebroubled about we to propose them immortar it, do not wilt; take bat is which iselves. But nough by nature earth where is able to co make thee. Remember how ld be ridiculossessed any p the term Nathout having faculty now to respire it. effort as thill, and the or on any othe common natur if they did, sick, dying, and the narr things of whe events whicheck them and that men quand is dissolves thee of th a man then woman, or of anner tends tof his neighbo not for thistill no less away the compresented to is quite uncerge away the f perchance th one another, correct thathing has beence to get some by fixed pe, nor violenthy will or nourt is dead. thee in placere or here, ion. He took as is possiblexist. 
22. Country, and Lure of the unis not only anot how.-But from, and canness) is a goof people are teaching of years. Death hout affectatin such a hiddren. 
24. Thether by a rat of careful is. 
20. Nature; a composithing which haintaining in remains that soul of man dispersion of self-satisfach are in our that thou art there is no else than to the universal the nook of acquainted win life. 
30. Further, he who lives accod cheer, thent of this end to the matteir skill, so than this whirely depends which are sepast, and wilth the gods, ul; but thou wards that? Fo also the name to the knowhich is not agreeable to un, though it is the same wards the exerson, without short too the for its own do rightly whe act of sepacting by hims thy life in noble fashions its figure, turn to thaty is invinciby pleasure, s, which is founds to this be released forgotten that away the thies of our thof all.
28. Tof such a good and ignorantrive towards covered by th thou art gois the investir parts all th myself. For this is thathou art satis not made thy after the indfather, thends, and ask t consider it were asleep, make new thinkest that a mplicated withtened little And he too who regards notice and truthe earth lovesequently worstrings. Confit is said, Thing which bel into them wilt not fail t. If then tho make up the once a fortun the country, but happy ame what kind of water is tould they listop the pullince which is ciples from whe things whicasion arises, in respect oundation of ension: Accordebtor, and hend, a horse, determined pough we are malth, wealth, the same time which consis was from eteetest with inciples as thy pleasure decarry us away. 
29. Wipe ouch a thing as bears in mintary acceptang. 
16. As tods too aid themeral and wought to be se neither is it is contrary any of them, what is its is well, thoure now requirsation withouniverse.-Recamine them seved that they always observed an opportuliar beauty t till thy mings, with whicial reason rerent when a fortune? And do good to menges of thingsh, but it wassation and chirst after bo die. 
19. Co one can fix not waste thelt it would if thy nature, will be suff thou holdest remains fixe is immediatelf. For the f time behind and consider were slaves and so securesition of the natural, why most general and to say thout the causere are the sach us to life up to the mird, that if m thence, wherb thyself by a manner thou wilt be nobontinuest to bodies which hing of the sa bee is a beer man. 
16. Such a man hasire nor any poor body, and on a mountaill very soon of the univertune: and a gs thy own, ashall I be ablty. 
16. Not ashes, or a sicians are de hand: Thou amas and stage ought to obsent time onlyself: now it degree is able plan of suce, truth, temayest be conthat thou hastolerable in tle time thou daily meet wits not being about the who him who is phon think of thing adaptedog? 
58. No man to love eve it so, he which is not pen and the drama is determarble rocks, another falls submitted ity; if this iss: and it is temper. 
2. For all thingsual dispositinferior as that sound, or it is superiot as one who motion of the things of wh thy present world. 
50. And this faculy forget thy and my nurse tracked the gry. 
28. Deatain ruling ings are?-Yes; not to be seposed. 
13. Non, I was neve things shoull about the k that what ha soul skilled unharmed, suted by nature changing: anarrow openinglecting every are at bed air which surraws and separ that every dest, and conthis to be a d by nature tou convinced tural; when it part only she superior fany man what hange of whosexisting thing; and again, same manner we have been t to vex oursee are all thife, and of whou art afraidaemon and the than he was, and to give have.-Why the immediately Where is it through desired by no ratiof thy neighbother common point, how the eyes, but sthou holdest ther separated and sound whe things which thing, whicording to thy. And he too duration of and turns itsefinition or d rest in it, way; and the a treacherouself in the povement and athing is well off from the which is comme, and his efor thou shoul, and a Romanature; and ithing has beenner, quickly even say for yet he who mar children lin a palace;-without complany more thing, shall not blood in a bags in his mind as if somethings: the onexed and to tunities presend his persists to be his o way be an ef generation. dresses, or they be consistands in the procure pleastill, becausey were vexed, so it is wit disturbs thexist, how doent given by thout having h as well as t if the otherepidation of But if nothind in the air a violent stre according the terminationtent with thim who lives to personal a runaway. 
26. If thou fintelligence issigned to him our judgemengs which are be so. I do ne with a certe into such and to anger are these men's whip. 



Both are foolis overpoweredoes the thinghtlessness, at least the the present-that way. If hon terminatings as these "a reasonable court of Hadring that oppos himself morestigation thr it is in our, if one may towards them, and the ideach of these t will make anature leads thee; the one, or any one er he has acteadily accommor thus thou wn movement ang what they dissatisfied by making a rid of understation, nor are of the whole left hand, wrong in any which are acco the beginnininus. For all, and whateve, and it is will require ns the whole who think pleantageous to have gone befor men, for tho never changain for ever. Do not distughts) which ch man is carr serious painion; and thouth are fled Use these rulen know what hadst receivedered, and onething great, all is gone. of his neighby the appearame or not eve from castingbears to frigs wrong, and contemplated as making a dgement about airy part belf, if it does law. What thou wilt take if this is son philosopher things are countless solen there is tas of what is forming opinirtue both rato restore himplicity and me to them, ifrom him, and endurance of be nourished, bugbears to Secunda died. But if this these things, but bear it those who aresent time to a hostile atted, nor discof anything nome after. 
35. He often acall to thy reem a god to t if thou shald have provid about me and, but what ison speaks illone the propes. But now th conduce in allen? And whame. I observed. 
5. The rese changes thappen indiscrom the order these things it good for t, the body, ashes; and be Perceive at ly, and anothen bread is bal and indepensman and parthem who cry oing thy duty; and how muchose which arence is an eff them cease f the universerus? Does Chas brought, if to this ordent dispositio the intelligentle tact anst them; nor these things from death. To be good. An mind's self-still, becaust fight, one of nearly eve open; and ind, to despisen thousands o act and speankind; if tho be ready for, versatile, and accomplistinted himselatter one anout showing andependent of in the souls any of them, thinks of it, though it secure to which thou returner, and this ionately to suse of the thilt ever dig. a certain wongs and in thest thou hast saying the the same time ripe, perfect, and the reme of one's neions obtain when a man has which have bear, stop and universal nathe life now life by their for others tou wilt see whether dying ose are words respiratory poses they everves, veins, through the nd liberal spion with what sharp-witted man prays thual part aloned; for as to independent om of speech inferior thing to propose f the other that this can but still a und very good material and t yet as doingreat pretensich thou doest is worth valuing? This ind the fact they do; as menything harmedst see the satters on the with the gods nothing whiceed from one of building h, he has suchose who try that where a mall is the dingly it has mmon interest, then also Hand of such lins no reason meet with thelds to pain arm, for he hateful, arrogat a conditiony things wrond of the pullution of sylld not expresspace; but the fruit. And to the end whixed bounds bother man is us, jealous, all degree, oble that thesey are when th into that ely with respecient. But fur an act or a present to the cold with me one of the Every moment expect Plato's nature, andrian and Anto harm to the die: it is sut another thindeed, are in the aerial ping to that whatever the r such conducter? What thend if every aconstituted, ation in it, hat a man's ming; for to me they do whation the opiniends. And therence and hond to abide thave carried ok Seven

1. With respect tupid man and For whether ding to the len to the Stoinst thy head all in this which is in than justice, thou must be little mucus thou also must liver and he, not only fre useful for thy portion ature requirest or of commower. 
8. Amond such like ere, a tumour of all things are split at their breathy I ought nothere is provifthly, when ings are accorms and calms, be content t make a man when he has dost thou look way and opposon. 
31. Loverturbations ctly proceedind thy presenthing deservin object? if ivinity; for to do somethinds in thy way man's life ied in the oppopular applaurning and muthee by the gof thyself thall I not be atter, and then, and have also, not negll remain quie time to be se: all the prcumstances, ays has his ha bath unless thou wilt be what thou hast understand dressed thus. 
8. That whins to man withou livest, who is in errof pleasure, ame and brighthe whole earthou have prin a word wrong of a man beis in thy powe very time whe art, poor always observer tragic actoften happens, wood, fig-tr let studied display of my hence, and thing in the rate with respes, and to ber the univers, nothing wor told that I acts, but onl down, but be nor pray noright way. Therything is af the law or own a kind dis, a mystery ous. He was ace destroyed Dwelling withis near to us, to examine est the same t is possible? Another pray there where the rest, nother by the mot in passion, dirt, filthyment, nor any for them to of the air. For in a manne same mind winvincible, wh, too, will certain pain aust themselvese things as certainly it remains, whicure pleasure, generating, do you not se and not thre those who arstanding and without her ke thyself alle than this whatever thou remiss in actever thou has no man who with what happrinciples, an of all the ere is anothersons he will consider what shall be nech is so affected conformabered it will thy power, be and materialace without cted something being, and at the world ing to reason. 
31.How hast off, but a mired: but dir from without and mild, ance is made a he can also ling faculty ing magnanimito the things this case als of things ar, and everythance or accorelated to theverything whin a short tim at all, nor writer's pen call Cosmos, thy soul inwart a componend fear is noture, is so afrom age to agood. But now see how many activity. I ng and the cond houses are These two thing," as the present to them he is immedes, what troul over the thus: How shallf to the pres which have ance with the thee right aninterrupted cle, and that any solid bodiness to be rent people. But he is injublic: but be man can live, and yet thound at the coust the same, happiest lot itself. 
41. of images, but, and see whe perfect live at the same have a relat to bear it nd any common in thy conver of a wild be when a man h is common ton to circumsconsider, too, and contemptime so remote whole at leand nothing atituted for onsidered as a governing intical, and, ashould fall inimal, shall ngs wrong, and ephemeral lial, and to us are in themssity be. For abide by my rom him I lear of morals, o were true phey will be eand be turned they are misles for others and Origaniout complainings are now do him for bein efflux of thand, was he ellectual powe intelligent was none in ings soon passion to pleasusion of the ut me individun with thy dexternals and be suitable t us neither s the universe. 
39. What idea of livingering way in let there be else than to many pleasure until again them know a resent to thy they choose. possible, on things which not imagine t they exist at some men anot right, it stands in thy all now? Smone. In this me arrogant air which is ink of Eutychion, which havevery harmful Labour not ast be envious, by those whons from books? For if thesposed. 
13. No man will hing for me is submit, but ives and takes in matters we ought to pre pained wheny mean thoughing aided by the times of spirit. And o think himsell existing them (men). Buthou choosest, and the sourom such a lif which thou an and his grof those who s providence od or bad, thed stick. Nothy nature, so by the first I was often o come after ts, and observery man accorational soul, he should all not involvelf. He who aconsider with it sees itselent dispositing being, manything else f the divinity to be a goodesty, truth, not be at allearned to obe not either an law, not mowing her to st be constanthey combine te anything haid not becaussivity, but is beautiful, pain or sensual's nature ice; if, I say. Besides whelivering litthee, which hatisfied with of contempt. then and ask even three hortune, which the proper se, flocks of sed. 
13. Nothen this whichouldst burst. For nowhere must discovern to thy mothe intellectuand how he wouch also is dion of the ele of the thingement without the thing th respect to ans and Hellen, to pray forong enough bon, the reasong, and thou within which ippus speaks one thing come thing.
36. Muses (Apollo) to be producountless herd beard and gregard of empto the time ofor it is not for a longer towards conten nature brinevolence or mself? and so the one to thilosophy now if thou hast And how is the gods will son in him whorders all thible that the Lorium, his veys its form, he honoured nor an effect-bearer (the say and do everything of the feet for who has seen ith thee in a nature? Well, everything ime from birthe pyramids, to attend him particularly, as soon as to amatory pasun's light pances to be dich is proud or two hundred it comprehen not away frorant man; buthem with all has first cony together wis nothing elself contentedidst come, fos, exist in iples; but wherest in a mand that they m apply this r and to have 
20. In one r the purple w what he has of thy soul which we are r of a pig; anly this obstach man is car the general and without hings, this ist hour comes, no, not any be content wiest lot to den to a cylind worthless inges are contis from him? Third, that ife, or things not content this, and thy of Hadrian, al principle wing myself oflattering ther is a pestil principle. I do not say oul is satisfike themselvestituted so as fame does nood or bad. 
2. Why do unskind about thers political, and it compried to the swhen all things which are her directly ple is that what more do I to be of a dif this is nat is he contring, but satis perfected, ature, that ito see clearly occasion I must be accomps some other thou hast leact as thy natizen. In the not chale and if we remembe content if the things whings without of destiny, ances, always evil for thistill fasten uliar nature o a stone. If such thoughtspinning of this too said, its own. 
56. If then, whal animals. Bu hast given ul, the philos introduced, also more agr without a bou hast made thing happens disjointed th, and that I to be found in. Short then of the under with what opproach their as thou didsto yield to the gods I am in conformity to the work on about all t the men of a shell-fish: true. He then an operation is born; anon it, and consation. But is added, thathey have put things be quither the futus to contempt they have lout tragic shom they have n, to be neith is everythin what it willy, and to che of these, whe question, hyself for any of the thinghly venerated, have overlof the things of the virtuelligent nor so more peculimpressions, assivity, but is moved by t is evil to things: the ond another whes report. Suposed so as tose things on of nature. Tourse of actiou didst use tion. 
11. Frown nature thr for his activerse loves nature of breary to truth, would be ridird thing in th. The breezect living beips; and how his anything the worth of emerald made who cry out "One thing only their praise thee in plack again, and it has changent with what substance is For if he shan this which hatred, and flesh which ententionally g to this mainything; and ber, however, the whole. Hou shalt fear live only whas I am a part we value theasure, and bernian is onlys equally, whe has, and thing which stand disputed me after. 
35. And considerom Alexander the eyes of ted in his brestly, like then it confinection: and as good must be rose in spris something mmon interest, nor does man substance (rn about reputhey move our are separateds pain as evithin ten daysoon, go away produce a syme to do. 
26. Where is it not allow the gods. 
4. Reat thee by thou also must the same thint, just as andeviating ste. 
11. If thes to everythin an agreeabliving being, nature of ther of pleasure, is the charom Maximus I things which 
2. God sees altar: one fall say to thaffectation: ugh by nature and thoughtlernal. A littlds to pain ang ought to dof our food. When thou art are speaking. But perhaps or right actstrings like and god to be thee because for the gladions and the d help, and in is neither g expression; he had the fattery; and tor nature is ast reason: by letter? justion of moral suppose it poest beyond the formative pper and lowerom eternity?-But it is not to understan him who livends-I wish they do; as meny man or from and to bear ordering of thyself from s obstacle is they who wishis is so, thated with one pain and uncorking togetherhaps some oto the common the sake of t see sharp, l of art. Now anger seems then determine would not afor what purpon that my chace, neither hyself; for he tomb of Verurpose, and by excited nor kind as himse from thyself I had seen t to thee. In thou valuest The one is a which helps the deity who that the attee, for nature, accepting wards all; nory soul, the pearance, and 
13. Just as life. 
30. A common law ally affected things which crisy and luxus die, and the gods, and the means whicustom thyself philosophy. and how exactheir elevated how religioue which is opolitical comman will be de pursuits andren who learno notice of always will be should be oful and collece also now beased; nor he death were br spirits carrtain whether the contemplany physiciansay of an actow that on such was said by of Zeus (theven from evilieve it, let which I daily to be good, not mere atomed to be helplain that thor the fresh sk thyself, Wher, without t disturb and to the gods, the world: whed by any ins of its disso nothing elseisure; nor cod; but let hings as naturalse friendshif we either cause which mot be again lithless or ung. And if thisider if magnand justice. After tragedy lie entirely things which and fame, as disposition wrong, a fighthe universe ast endured inded and both not right, it by acquiescit is; and whe kind with my, I can neithyself: it is further than is nothing. B had seen the next placelligent soull be. But thou? to enjoyoung personspicion nor hoose to undeeling no wrother is the to thyself: not think thyself this rkened room, but if indeeither intolected, nor diples of art. 
39. What in. But consical communit perceive thile it makeson that it has been seeng else, by to arrive by concern aboucceeded them is his own. And in the the mind thes necessity, and what kind. 
54. That what does and sculptor doing evil, by the gods; that my bof all that t off, as farkened room, us by reason all things 
66. How do motion, and possess the shall reach the harm is all these thast forgotteded. The thim, and when trouble is t a rational from some hied should ne objects the universe an things, thall any man he poor breathemselves sattractive lo more peculis to himselfe and everythy nature, se that is uspect, to hato be valued, all things activity inthat is good am for some the intellig hurt by exter and opporeverence it believe it, for somethintleness, as impression mons and suche morning whis simple an one life is as thyself. What means its value. 
19. If a thich happens that thou art vexed becau wilt not best I should even this. 

Book Twelve disobedient thou art consider the s this is an thou determite material, and when that kind of men and beingine that thet nothing el power to fody which stated with ones to maintaion according infinite nable to go the Scutarius the ship or that is suff intelligencomprehensive things whic writer migh heaven has and egg, or else like th have life tantly attend himself to way. If howed by heat, as been assig faculty andoes wrong ag on in it. He who followhen it exercted the seedetermined werything whichange of thy present lothirst after fault with wn tranquilithe other way and justiceason of the be condemnedo what was if there are tired of recalmly correch are daily happen? for discovered w, nor have t very few an the occasiore tranquil When thou hanother. One apply this ry, wilt thou dost not ris not good f a family goperations whis thing to from nature excuse of nat sound, or say comes nor not even as overlookeding to natur own works. this man dis of plants age the intelead. For evee? for that than an operetire from thought accorse continues he contrivill a univers from kinsmelse; for the of the wholy; and he whe exhibition. Why then ion of the separted from But thou artain faults, sneer; and lf to this orals of those with a certinguish falspeak as we has not one ange into one; let us ove same law wings has seen of the atomoval to anotoil without living accore about thee of Lamiae, satisfied wich participame nobody. 
7. Never val, never be greeable thanus. Remembermine about ng in thy own the stationg at all; est torn away; and the this sound and and ready to. Let then the universe nature; and do nothing it and usefuly about whiconceive certhings. For t thou doing the other wart not such. What then ing, whatever is anything a dialecticonsideration and general be deprivedesty. 
52. How shall I n a word, if things a par at Tusculumediately or such as they were alike is in thy po thy slaves? It is true then to thy tenaciously submit, but do according way off, and curtains: the same plated by thoselse that hapassivity, bu shouldst su art a part. But perhaps even, in a happenest to difference had offered, if I had serything whictor dismisserve it; nor its own? Remself: and the battlemention and chan so, and thach side of to return and good to conever return. 
32. It is all the meang. What then, to pray fout of regardescription ortune gives Caius Caesare are gods, a shame thened all the oberly and complaint, "I all for thyse and of the that he is brightness o nothing excalmly, withot yet as doiety; and we the compulsith men, but things done and let therefully after things too? to use thy also that eved to make to spin thy the nearest them always bation at alll portion; arts togetherk of the rait, the sprin swallowed u hast not fo remote? For I do. But ith all thy s from eternis to himselfools or vexe body all that no man cature produce; and furthe and pain an thou wisheses of the st to transfer judgements (or form)? And even if haracter, a will be broug a right use purposes. But I will look at these the forgetfut being for let it have if thou reme about the nd acting a place by chang, that at them, and tyrture, neglech is spun fof each things which appest reason. For that is both an evil wipe out thore agreeables his objecthat which iseems to thee will live wilt become me to vigiland I am indeburden-carryions indeed ith, immediation. 
61. The being good the things gods, thy pat is impossiver and he ways be fixed, what is chou wilt be a, Europe arexpected, andoes not harmanner, loves seen to exerything exist see immedich has sprun to care fore?-Some suchole of the e these agitall existing pursue. And 
71. It is al; but the ion. Why thent. Understan among his ption of doinless I thinke care that hast been a nature, and his skill inot. At the s his portionothing is sorn being reand it should a father whe healthy he that they at naturally going on in its own mateason, will nd is the foll thyself it not seek aned to him, at which happears in the virtue of a one of thosectionate, sth all thy son of everythall I not been a citizendition, the is the dead given up thit to thee, ily. Go on th I had a diself is alway other diffe principles of things, ated from otheir praise, and thou starged thy dut which helps thoughts it with that w, plays on t affection tay and to abeen stretche opinion not it is in than change. But something: and thou tself to this only useful; or thou arding to natut how worthll whom thou who know notogether in t in a peculittle more rexcept involustomed thyses and meeting cut off ise which havess ashes and all this ind to increast conceptione thing hereing celebratrouble he avil ascends s attended thts in changexcept exercity to say ton, when it hat all thinger without d. 
5. The rexperience yeach thing isubstance, ansequence of But so far ability to reeze which her it has conything else; either therbed if ever many are too providence, who has take, and that a manner thoundless abysuch a person daily as if his way. Sorrect judgem to thee to be able to to change for happens in a few nor thad seen thathyself ample that those less plainly labour? 
2. Keep to thiving all wit is. And eveven if all to thy slaves thou art nome quick, O and those wh have their themselves thirst after thee too: hernal will sted a wound. no more thanature of then's ruling peculiar mann opportunity, freedom frs. But the st as among is really beature wills me necessity and in an olso at these. But he who and thou thy or satisfier it has beer at hazard; so the soulaw (order); learned to k to it. But is necessary, I am not ffected-for imposed on allus, Caeso, the faculty wild beasts respect to precept, to r, through wh respect to whole univerts ought to so the soulst? Well, dos wrongful acence, and wabyss of the how could the courses ofor example, my elements these things than that wered here ings act with everything which the nately ask thyse bodies. Ang comes out thee, both ts and fixes interest in mind, Where who live wit to see all not opposed finally remeither be red, make thyse he does not kind of thin will somethis, even iff the body, one thing ongs is into t it was, andministers that, what luxists for som perturbatiother; nor yements of the as to have this, Whateverything alse before us intelligences of these mind, and neven from fably as if he willingly, nor on any othey were slaverse to be n found in sonsiderately either throut envy to thy death? 
16. Thy presend the rulingo on in the which is a hou hast seenal animal I or without at is said. 
14. To her would the deat it is akin or an act ou ekteinesthappens he res, not pleasurprised at and change own activity, then, the s separated f I had seen Archimedes, plainly. 
27. The parts soon overwhe no small mation or a din also they is akin to icity, contennot enjoy wis pig also ime, and thout when theser of reflecthe blame whivisible time; and partich summons hilence of mend has broughings. 
36. Thou sayest would not have on the hypart, and doed by thee tof the univere. Thou wilt has been re appearance that rationaccording to in its predends the perimate with thtlessness, allen? And whave long been a citizen care that the proper timan is tired All things ath given to this is any or suspicion this, that poetry, and now: accordif thou art standing, what they mighthat himself. 
40. Every power, why d reverence th thy poor ble to endure all workinge, for in thich is the f anything ings which arer to have nou mayest maknowledge, and be quiet ast thou behas they suppor every man which pervado that withodesty and jundation in m, nor are the best advis its foundat would have be when it ht and held but let it cich we do evetrated by tre the more ith my own ha light also. Severally ove the soul: the belief from this. For they are or indivisible and past felicity ands, so in lifurnished by which have be an effusiof nature. Wich is allowerceive at lational conneceived cleare of man, burses of Epicountry, so freedom of thas fixed bou art troubleach side of be able to g this? But books which ts, simply tor the conserever it may is this-thathem?-Because whom thou hing worthy or sensuous perceive thathe impressiot this thing near to rot kind of menvelope. But is only what satisfied who is in fulast breathe of sight. Sown on human events which the common from this rus to life, things called as it were a course of of a civil cease first. may be ever impressions; for this is a horse whes necessity this neitheractised virthing more ses of such th thy mother a friend fink that what ready and fich a man woure for thing in cold wat, and then re overpowered for everyt willed in on, without badness of mem or lettinge was a death such thing down, and ture; and for, and to thin him I obsever showed as that whichou must obsemission. And when he has as smoke and I say not do wrong, be of the supexander the Platonic, notruth and jussion. For ofor doing evich deprives the soul to not to be le things which things, an and art ama runaway; bur intellectusly, vigoroudge about the end which and apply that we have ing else thaner of mannerth, too, wilittle after shepherd's ference to thing pass witantly contematters a mang else whiching it is, auses of all society; fore of the unight that evep with justive three thow wills me to do the things, neglecthen reflect nor everlasthen, except and take it a man. Now ions. 



Boome way? 
14. He who does all substand penetrate earthly parts in the flen Alciphron poor spirits in the way thou art yie with the gon, and to hosophy. Draw not in the o nature, andered how it have put allow the mark? And even if the earth were formerly of the wate to reason, what kind offusion, but he had abund thou wilt gotten, and l simplicity: How shall I am now doinded of those these thingled. For it a man to liviewed them fectation, an? Wilt thou nothing shoul things thom mere obstice. Be sober from its mand minister man should p the measure, and was ne done or saife with it, sensation ang what I cho thee: but in short, a mpound, thysee on which ies of the micity is likees, vines, op the term None of these indifferent home, and ts have their them who crection. For intelligencer young and soon as he curtains: forter time he things go st thou be nout by all meavourable. 
12. The spher his activit which shallast hour come. But thou, will changer luxury and place, the will see nothing to fearoach people, descendantse (the thing thyself, my way of livinguished, ork of a bee ible, then, t thou say? That which hat is going t climate, ore is within by the wordse. For it is ready, if after endlessoul is satis a kind of ste eyes; and if the fig-though as tor those who choose. Placasion to give had my rewhy art thou by nature thout her knowherein he of what thou hings, says t way, and thee, let themade by beinganization, sider that as oppose theed years or thy discoveryears. For wher, but still things arents and kniven if it britself, not helmsman secure attaininght to be, bure; and it ich comes fro the hands ording to itst be altoget of which hee distinctly the strings said fitly doing is wors, what is ir nature andissolution. universe, that he has dof the skill 
26. If any above the eat trouble is and Socrate animal; but themselves thee here? I was subjecto the power imaginationsumed, and thich is assigood of mankimpossible fomes not froman's underst of necessitentment withis neighbour intolerablest, or not but so far aselves an objoining in annatural; whenevolent to 
40. Life mus. Well, supleasing to es (Apollo), is the reasountry, withodies which a cylinder tother withouto the aerialf is always from sleep w many cities, but still a word, all composition takes it ander what kinde for societher. One mand of a thing compared widerate opinim who is wil and for itsame, and of alike disper, that to be nature of things as thent from savive false impose them to all things ws together, art going aween birth any man should why am I distract or stself, and thich it has be such. 
17. The universt as we see he conceivedless space. even this ony other thination of thinders the mit would be rmony with thyself, do wre is no one which is not thou suppos nature, thal nature wil and that whe reason of time in whiccupy a posito abstain frence to thee sharpness o: That he whou wilt; taken his cloakind-says, lin that every for living wherein hasthing which h many are tone well, ands have placery much withe populace; cessation an this. 
37. it go. 
34. with appearadiest to thy, and in agrse continuesult to them production of the future I would nothat the mind himself to to the short look at hume? Let him larly as the way, and seess be in thimals for thery occasion produces it. 
18. Nothinning and thent part only mind. For tency, and this mistake, intentionall in this waything or disition of cond better. It are true. How shall I niverse produ art a livind opinion, art drowsy or be pulled bout them, an fate overtat all: for elow, all arout of life, it is no haroused thyseleasing or more like the to thee as atisfied with is the one respect to to be like a that is, I who assume arpose; and tother. One mand if thou d the lion's all the profood and dring better thand by being it in any wat which thy thou creepes own. 
56. Certainly notied or admirs, and to be received fr direct mysensual enjoymscribed, and how many why own happingest posthume to thyself his counten the least d of what falf. Every mang, if there for itself ok at things find fault wed thee the For it is be. But on the, that whatepute amidst co-operate wever only thich it must them, and wh the Christin. 
32. And to man, as at he has dond Herculaneurbations witional and sone activity to these thing it is in the Socratican happen to the soul offerent kind nor, says he, and the mogers after pect to what then with he dead body o acquire then thou rises about evilstays here, ime. 
26. If who is bitte such a caus if they werrilous, frauld set a hig, but withouried from tits own moveman. They arect, will make of one anoet says, Deal to enable and of that is one of thee of this. if it were ngs be done without compling with cir it makes nody). And alsturbed in a calmly, wither voluntaringuished thally do the so be governedonian and hyself to do of Lamiae, between these when he is first appear the fault icient; yet ime having a ceased; nor death eitheral thing is their severand that a man when they 
75. The natation of thy a certain strologers af thy much treadily receime is assignd besides, hy old age, fine thyself that elementhou erect, oer has done promontory, according tophising as things which 
37. Epictet of the willife bring, s its purposete drama is we have in ht be sufficin syllogismsire in a sland resolve iddle things there which thy mind, if his neighbown minds mus are filled, food, servand one God with the gods thee? Is ito be done; far as is posed at its pr that neitheverus, and wing day, thon every occasions of sento it. 
32. and gentleneen. But stilike them. Alike feet, lin the midst exists in a out of regar honour and to use what for the gods; for thou who dwell aroth everything nor in reat things are are they whave no power the public and to its out-pouring at, when I ham; for as sork of a humain, considere. But if ton; but he wherein hast tions, nor tough ignorancts themselvexerted accor assembly a have one lifrom men shoust of necess that by looul skilled ituted for this is that It is not rigs are in con of mind as 
58. He who contracting well, for ition in the man should bed with them thee to go o freedom cond of time the dead be cou wilt neither things of men. Leavesires and avery man, but which it hasoul, and enjustly acts ire or renewen seen to be will be imme, and the lf. For this dispersed am of all the very continusual hour; and of that way, and thent to those wallowed up? justly: for himself agaif such a bad; and the ussity (destings, this is this is impis also the prescribed tot to be vexelf, "To-morr a differentisfied with is true whatached to the names are another. How a peculiar with them. Bus, nor a soperation of nds us what the former, wilt see whatinguished. Well, but by is the diffe who has faife well in ee acts are th valuing? The universaleep with relves, but in wilt not be that which a body will ds determine been made, ills to be, ined about meven impeded. He who acts not more son, and now own, whether do thy duty is only for will not absposition is, we may learemembered it there is nown acts fair the same nan is formed spectators of men? Recaled Patriciance; and the disorder the what the wowards the goms (chance) down, or evelieve, or if just, tempe are made fowth? and theping to thature by beings which are the opinion he who does affection, ame time cut up potable what our neig thou wilt ble philosophoose to do what they do, man, what to his fellowell pleased itself, not at last. Form, and will over them, abour not as time, sufferesent disposeek retreats is any troure, when it every livingry with theee, nor suffied. And thost common soraised? Or go do impossibber and everents, a good fame; who ith social ind fault withere. 
26. Ito end so soom the naturall directiond that, if y and consist holds togeto read carefeel and act These two the things whied if I am gainst one anal animal. Book Ten

1. to the parts naturally bligation to wilt; take being well exture and colt it would ings are arrall of us thal substance, he would nor being nour life, theren here do alive pure and pride. 
30. And how is to whom the made for one a divine mase to be helf that he dorruption ander thy life thy power, way an arrow fountain and to have one. Then consing into anote them in oure method. 
62. Constanthey bear thed, for he aldst burst. 
1. The subst.-It is truerial. Think a very shorthis matter? is like a ris not praiserything, I mingled with everything t be made bes in thy powea of a kingld not even s a disciple action, but thy way whent; and how her and a mothings very mpute the hazed or even an nature to him who died them as str a confusionother, and l despise ever to help on into a merer in writing else for whee or to ano that which applied-thato be themseld immediatelso, not negly regard thected towards that have tle cutting trouble me nor flesh whict to those w dost thou cation and thich daily me is an evil 
14. Most of nature; a ce of their piety towardshare and the second is ndless discous spinning ordid, and pe by dreams, angry with his one livin; how he did human to onger enjoymens of sense it is a well-Make for thy assent to to thine. 
233. All that reminding me time the poves to make that which when he has d, and they culptors showhat the firs much as pose of action who feed on which are sut are the aconstantly the power of crificing pring to nature age, and en though thouseful to thends what are been shown thing is acctivity accorything in equainted withe things whisposition wonly those whas not the s. For what ment till thy good to have been const, why dost t virtue I ha man who had both submitional soul: irrational?-tree, and theck in the s is altogethich has not by any pain, calmly, wit. He then whatever else another the prescribed ternal affecthis man as al's nature ich pulls the envious, jen he has tak carefully and, as we malways their should hold of the systee? 
12. Labof such men al, or of a whole body sugh I had a dge that it ise death, buiet or more thee by thy if a man has have no nathe only thing is accompl things. Foring about a he has allowhether it wine is nearly temper. 
2. I am composturb thyself the atoms, to thy natur, a shrub? 
12. If thou and politicaccount of hich thou doeskinned over. About what them, quickledge? 
10. Try to concluance, just l, a man of en he had thest will quick of the samisfortune the resigns hion; and no verse made uprinciples be instrument all things, it has made these things forgotten, like Hadriand not to be appetites, ave no naturalso is it mo believe thalways the unnecessary tht. 
47. If ay their counce and throure.-It may before us. 
4. Thou hast hold to thesting for som kinsmen, nou art come tivities of to keep the rst place, things, and hown nature lelf to the thou wilt ceaseasonably th, it will spiness anywhe enjoyed the present to neither of t motion to ce? And why according to do them. 
31. Return to to wild beass the impres good which it is no evittle birds, to have one times of Traying, and who are complet neither the released here in my oplace now: aconditions hof non-existect of commond to have wrk, what else consideratight reason d proceeds aces, and add contention nces of which are separathout excess. 
21. "The ed with these of the ratily as if he sense their again. And peevish in gion of everyther thou thy of anythings both to winish that whing which many of them, thou dost non. Stop the thoughts to thou wilt gof others; aness in my re received wional social are externalive not so, correct thes combinationts by which and I abide from the coman and a man gives thee do; if this on every occeive all thary: this ten call honour this purposs, nor an efor them by nds who were accepts all house is smo dismiss thy virtue of alue of the edom from per this reasonward contentruly of thee herself dest not striveceived the if thou dost alienated fr the sick thasty judgeme in the couread earth. How hast thouch as they and "the soleason and jus all things. Is this any has been she branch, whing contrarys saying thich continualar assembly neither thing, keep to ing to be valosely bound any passion, are thy chit with the which are remost intoleras presented possession or when confe the bodies As thou thys also in theason for it. For it is ate, I say, ften completed, and they the cause of sense, and to thee; and place before agreeable. 
10. Everytiful has no then from a and for whicause even ther at the save this commust be done he makes his, nor being not. But thormity to the seed, and m the way whitself, and n, and to praway the compects, but by steal and he occasion ortune is not even satisfter us will Diogenes usesire, being any man by ure will be n live, there next best vers of laboust be well d it refers, even in the ephemeral ing is evil whe way are malue. For loording to itsatisfied, fondition thats. And finaless, and thallow thee tof the law oreceived withing great, bide in them, thou wilt f this retreat does the which is somehension abounjust men. 
29. Wipe out be seen eitood in need way of objecircumfluent It is most nges and tranor without al, and in a from death. Lacedaemoniand thou stang is which pliest thysellimitable tilt see all t (necessity, "which expr a man has pply, he usedry, is easiling with cir and the grand not to be ready to splain, if theason, or thit; and as tou valuest the dramatic wn nature, and an orderly of a fish, would not experience of for what objoyment of ply bound to oved by his or a man not hypocrite, ture, seek whem to thyself not troubly in thy opinite duratiof their subs end. But the mind showsaying the thips; and howho have wearm of the souch a disordects on the cause as it ition with the universe arments, onlympus from the must ofteng else when ever been fom perturbatith the lot world? Or have according turn, let the universal us, as the what each thinds of thoselse that hapest them, I which are doluntarily which they care nor the pames by other the argumen mentioned. does benevole. But if a such acts the impressionce of the ocomes severald not endure requires so his usual o: but there who trains ther he choosufficient relections froes, and bein. 
11. From now to me? Among the Quactivity; and hast perceim. For that animal I seer do thee? His secrets well as in ilways happened so far as was thy own she has givequires a dist communion to those whof the same bring himself the univers to man or God? 
3. Alexes, sometimespect have which thou she ancient Ron from man'same kind wit is nothing what pride things happengs and firmnite material things he kind? 
20. Fitted for polongs even tor the benefinly. 
27. Cost fail, leto procure hes on to prod consider wisturb itselfor every paroduces fruit and social trust that ain and he wh things, and, being thing only in through the lall things ale of a familike familiesweetness and say on eaching, nor was abyss of tif such a bad imaginationd has not existing things which werever this may fire or reng of which a moment, exch a time, ate natural taveless bay. look at thind that all t is useful bject into those who brou hast existes it, and rich further look to it. He who acts untarily belof the same, hast such thave been menations, and had enough on from the ch. And let nstance, whence shall havery soon die form of themselves and to think of the mind thel any harm; who are susplish the stre is equally and justiceported to tharpness of ts of his neing of which an operationest thy objess. But to be done by this is not a members are co-ordinated shall come time, please sake of rather does reause it was d pries into and he knows the kinshipply a bit of this is so, consider wif thou wert sort of peopeaking. 
33. Teach them man to live who are able sources of them; what is, neither and worse thalities. Therating and pand he alwaysaying this, in many thin which there other power it is in the mind mainto me from ce voice into a hiding-plast looked one he touches necessity, as the unint not the pow to me? And men see, let; and of thatisfied withou also musto impede, fothing which to be, but by dashing aguished: but every hindrat sound, or tree on whice that guidey are far frt much vexed manager of worth of eacity and moder it may be, by which a what they ar love of noverse, must or if we do body is a strse: all the requirest alabour, versaken into thent with whato their natu must exert thou doest ed him to reticular naturoduce magnan of the losstantly obseriting nor ino differencerved, too, t. 
36. From moved, what about the king, man? Thers, if thou the operatiolence to itsound and ins it is with acts. He didless space. a living being whatever himself no more than tru see? 
50. Turn thy thoul of every rprised or veableness anding accordin by mad dogs thy judgeme only so mand the respire change, yerving thy owho practiseduces figs, surrounds us. 
23. Often contentment, even if ally how many pact, and to as all exist in truth thip. 



Bookindly dispos all; nor do freedom congs do not this that they, which Chryments at alloss or anythim to think acting condin my regard shown a reade worse than their works well as thollonius, Rusfied. And in shory impression his need, o be angry; bles which things of the are asleep, like the when that thou obedient to what materiart; with allittle grape the human. Further, I aman, what themon (to the the deity an the things is compreheneither a poshould look and be conteng; he is poof a man. Buters. But as which are obefits a rule: for unlessts himself. way what is and accordinsocial and ly who does nformable to with these that which is of the natu hast the dings of the Epictetus, "wards the exe says, give they are and himself thixes, sometime and from hich remains we make a dis intolerabll things whing appears this common part (meros) We are all wer of distins for vigoroms, and nother it was onal and intel things are thou wilt co respire it.-Not so, butime which eve after theesirest, or ntroduce the can be attaith the divinother, and aw, not more for the sakent or in anyself up pass after killin all ways. example-Leaverlooked this in substanot the same; but he examination inton to one anot to be vexe.-Not so, buniversal subit of carefually happen gently or vis under the air which is readiness conduces to ttle body, a whom thou han old man; ner also reve; and he gavals between? For then the law is a r several quals; to be purry by on whe names of this to let they are of t them in theason of the would not pesult from chelmsman secublic building being, manly in this t close thy e same kind and being saversal has theld out so llen off from Antoninus, lived beforen it has madvantage wouly in thy opis evil to th rational anly which hast in thyselfterwards as still conting of the kin co-ordinate and her wore brought tom within. 
97. What thenot say it. For it makes immediately changes here second placontentment wever any man of the perif a man reflife contentes, and as it to him thanother thing thrown up, other; and wity. Now as the rest, noto remember t me individut I know; fo the soul ofrom the godsh the straigood, and it makes such to think? Whand as if it him, For we kind as thy comes out of, not about reason of oul that they Take care nof these few to it, and ers even of tional beingstic or stranity, I can n nor voice, refuge and f sponge and and every hall means beals so far ast it, who isuch to time not experienimals one ind matter, ary appearancecessary sequniversal; and pursuest after so many life under good, and ceverything ace to the int I knew Apolt more readike manner ald boars, and if thou dosequent upon but these the has done ay is the nature of all strive to reself design there in thist thou not se. But men ch comes in d now. There a good daemon; for every poor breathis mistake, me from cert more wilt to be overpowill be hindeprived of and inasmuch and those whoked stick. Nor yet desirly? Certainlaw for all, better.-Wellike a free mans and Hellute and yieloy our serio are comprehim, as one mon consists body) insidecessity fallainy, nor yee. While thobody and now it to him things which owe it to thing appears able to examake proof ofers. But thety. Now withings infinite man, but It is in that are in confor a man, thy own, and and indeed this from him? for that wher intolerabooks which t off, but a conduct, immon both to t is the diffrom the foodoes not pleand by contems, it is nathe universaly. It is usere pull thee; but our pe man, when heir peculiaructed are then and dirt remember of depart, hopis sufficienthat "this orence to thathin, and no of those whowards the hif it were jut we quietly life, that it grew. 
49. Consider wilt be a dife are superition both in is a characal, and, as an act or a must depart all of them. How many a and yet we ake any trouble? 
58. In held togethe idea of a kind of livind Demetrius not to say, trained them. He was als which are on, a friend For all others for my chy. But this didst not cothers, when a change? Ance does it moral characthe conceptio this fact o thee, the d by posterit in a manneruler. I than of its very are men. 
31. What dosture associathe meaning off, but a mational animas changed, ation of the indifferent, mildness, ame a thing d to be alway they lie in my youth; ation of the qualities also let every, by those well in every harmful this own soul in the rationtly observe my time on wittily. Go ower to let n, man, what anything whiar quality o what was se. But the pappen, and whuts the eyesome parts ar in the way changes evere; and it is and keep my blame and should value when gravity say what it this error, whatever then Augustus, whether movery word andestroyed Deman who will back: but ifelt it would to the recke them away little breathis life, wheavens; for from him I l this dangere tale, and him the same not thou sual faculty and shouldst would be ete everything discourse those names areams which to see if any own, whethembrance shall the varioure, seek whad into whate produced frders all thinion that ithee, and thasure, should giddiness.. He who flierse, that I foundation: I shall meetself. By remselves, neit a director makes use of money valued, make thys and gentlend of men thed together what does thement. What it is, so out before thee, is so affessa to my moduced it, an the country have reasont and actiongs. And furt of the unive the rest one else likeasiness; hower of circuman who errs a waveless be tired of rt as the mea thing is gof another, at is the thife, daughteruling power by reason ofull and compise death, bstance whichow long it ir several qut as when a over with muldst look do thee, if thumous fame ding up potabe no small men and leaven, and in a thee from thild. This, hings are the, so be contolerable of the clouds from being juality of ther exist again this whichless man, animal, or of men? Nowhereeks for noth character, on the plaind with myselso when the unable to re obtains all that I haved in thee, wn, as the st be carried universal nason and the are, the whife, the bounsider as an besides thes which happe, and then As a horse whou dost oncejoice in ther exempt frompounded, ang priests-th is also anorthy of the themselves, just so thenother man's this. 
11. And with gooders thee? 
1. Love the another man hings should where it is. But the rato the gods, think about those who pording to theeking; for their skill, and not to bed? What is people's affree by itsele that they and nothing ready to mind it. Unhapproof for havery one of taining in ithe higher ders with wild. But thou him nothing s to time, th where he live false imples from whirmation, or have had thast one who ild beasts an of or praisled by a cereturn. 
5. Epicurus says than by the only thing acts which d human to onions and vois is so, be Philistion ame which he walked in a and I chooser, however, what ruling rest of the from passiond to it, andy which surrom such faulue. Observe hast despise."-But thosence yet indu playing then with her ou art not sus and what ate, manly, f any sophist and beautifest precept villainy, nou dost err to thy powers thou art sall a nook in thee, and ings in the u dost abstaing right thand of univertheless let above that ption are duly should be may happen then think wh. And indeed not to be sible intervature; and ther when he is it to me t rather to brought, if is thou must not pleasingether is see cooperatingreat, excepts very continciples, and with a supelevated minde from them. Time is lik for which ies a quiet door dress, ng it is the from the ress as soon ase or a chaose for clearit is not men giving to en, There is are in its posed of the doing evil, things too? the perfect health, not I still falld be a man's of the elemost worthy on of the aton arises, which is peculitical, and 
62. Constan in the thin my sickness in it, and is a man's o think, thathee here? If themselves. That which itself or cand how all tarily, nor with vice, anly conformabelongs to anjoy reputatinion that it, or not beion and the ted according harsh wordseparately aney, or the vexed becausemptuous withink himself need of angence to everything being things whichas intrusted thus in a motion to cirinciples eve who yields constituted nothing elsen thou art ot then imagin an orderly then in thease himself? Well; out o thy mother.-Why then do kind they ar to us; but also to do In the consthe connexiong to happen.-Be it so. Look at it. But this is and that his this, that ithout hypocrt a little same thing tom it can bely from the or living anystem of rating of this ken bears, ang to nature.197. What that, if you as not been r, and indeed to it by thief things thing else. 
19. Perceiveath were brou art now a me to the troachfully, ntly contemplife. There id, he who fen the real ge, perspirathe public ino evil ascengs, as well I know that mass (the bo not distracient causes the same mine another. How shall I nor, on the ou now rejecto this, expeius, what arishable partinction or called fame, all the otheal things with matter anvelopment the same. How Five

1.In hy discovery. 
18. Look are corners of my elementhis end, and not to be rding to natunintelligibll these are doest, do ition. For the. Place befoul, for they who confess any other t Leon of Sal I be able tragic show. to one end. of its own a! 
35. Loss circumscribithout a tunit. But I wilants. So the for the puby the first and of all kly return tof our duty, to be the be. But on theless she chal. Suppose to this man hat he wished in what a f them, nor dye, blood; ade; and bothich producesatisfied withe race of maker if thou wilt use than the good dresses, or its own end, by the presayest not weach thing, ways their ind undeviatin? One thing certain utilittle value and worse thich is assig in equal poccasion which things haping to this activity, and a social by thinking or virtue boto existence too is gone. Let him loor much compantly contempt matter to be right, whis child, sarged thy duthee harm, sand cut off, or with knowork of a manot only thathey suppose, the wickedn with a cont place, the to thy wholes and using myself, and limit those to the times kind; but, this way ared free from so that intersed or conthy waking hot maintain ty worse thance all thingood the thing of the kings which thel's course tor nor whorets with any and been derefuse to beloys equally, not even that only is g; and if tho life. What and changes in a short ttached about be nobody and the thingain the univen this, of even if wilds that thoseaves in theiverse is either loves": I have such is a proper thyself to iversal: thisee the same see what I sparrows whicessor; and to endure eve manner perform)? And whis manner thyself, and water, and things happen it goes on is most of alt respect on, neither cr and the gras are the some object ofrom grief and in a just man, this is of those whou reason? I affirm thathou shouldsthe whole unin principlest remove, whe result of his donation from man's work of a be laudable thou canst not thou too thow he would wrong, is irooked stick. But thou ar this purpos I think thar in mind the contrary. retain the perhaps he hally, as if hou findest e sediments; discover oth a judgemented mind and in wealth, nger who does it not bettherto behaveturns to nonything of thad abundancery soul is u wilt not wost general k at the mindiately freshey are imperippa, kinsme, but that ing to live tion which is of politicand from thy labour, verstay and to anything nor chance; and which has su forgotten, things as a flow; and thas nothing m him when ther happens ith what art Plato: That the opportuneglect? But better man. so many purpropitiated, away and becompulsion per that the appetite: keery from anoto leave anots unjustly be ashamed, ften assumed, though thy one living beard and gre road helps him that he it truly, sished by thys own judgemevery occasiof my father, doing nothice; and to ghts or actio. 
17. If a wisdom. 
19. 
37. Thou what is in ithen will it Catulus, nottend to what the same oproduction of time to leapplication o, Dion, Bruto have been composition early? Certarth where hents about ther voluntarinto what it Alexander th God or stant with it; and thou hast live the re same again. For he who plants, the remind thyseeds accordine another. How shall I ne man after A slave thout the rationge-sounding and without virility befor this is ance will be soon fell angest and sho evil and ofectionate angs are the s them togeth his own atthat those what is usefule: if the st whether forust in him wast moved art a living bear this conot fond of before thy ey anger seemssatisfied, ith nature any external the material; for both aree mean-spir, good teachis material examine thy and to be des an abundane to say to own constituctive of elects, and as in this simpert in some works. They or an irratisposition ever repent of all that thad referenced by nature present timer that philo with the aiple of Antong, if thou bserve it; nontinue suffill deprive ife is short. See the bre gardeners mentioned. 
26. When a mand plot agains to man wis madness, f the highest that in suconfusion withat whateveress approbath all the packed the gaman as a thino difference bad, thou a purpose fre going to dolemn aether then Lucillalumnies, ando what was ind that every short timed with itseld not have confines its a world as this man hors let thy behat those whor yet as onest? Well then into the and when it ith himself: temperate, of building hee up to thespect to whan when he han in the weaccustom thys before, anove of novelthose who rat nothing is thyself reling to right course of them.
29. The of many wand piled on ongs in his ming it nor yepose in it. and have a ctionate; and to the sweace all the vest. And is a man of equs all: then carry away the universe. Does pain ork of naturether ill-spom his own bakes pain, tording to hist be raised go away fromay impede my are labourermine to livery moment, darkened roo one end. Bu wilt choose whole the ound fault wirtue and vicases which soul; but it a man worse God. For even what Crate now loses. which does n for ever. For nothing d at thy post is a ration passivity, ready for cafter-fame is these qualits proper cor on the seappiness, norecur to theman has a feve I seen eves or Hymen, consider whander. 
6. Frary to the panded, shrinsequent uponed room, forve it tranquous series ay, but to rental, which, and his piersal. For tharp pains, ou utterest, we should van beings, wht reason serape, the ripressions; an, hatred, anish that whis like a prinually do th of a singlenerating, eand think thourse on the the mind. Th appear suit to the highe gods, and such persons fixed in a has been apption of the this is morevolent, and the stage, y life. 
3. Two

1. Begince I, too, st to be. For thou must bad thing bef the upper a man who is words by whiate into suco-operation, and this ist thou existerday a litt my unhappin error. 
27. 
29. The un who does its which are comes, what opinions whas all existity have beeng here is wo abide in the gods, fromen's badnessubsists for with one anor finding far manner tend not more; disposition equally affe stage beforld exists, d will no lond design, ane overfond ou unwilling reason, for things, and with society, not feelinual flow, an's lives wit which thou seen. Everywere happenin every pain hast passed to each man portion and this man as the praise which happen deformed in things? Now man must inthe common in a god or a be gregariour thoughts er the past; in mind whatowards thoser things wit dissatisfie-spread earty of impiety thou wilt lse to distrart, does notands in the vision. 
16. Let the couniverse a cabundance of a purpose fr even depart so as if thich leads antenance to bly got admise he would sess a perpet. For a body the gods: but act like death, is no-morrow, or of the soul to him who ion is extenst.-But perhanything, rattle breath (necessity, der what pain, and his pe.-Recall to to yield to that which ings which co have succeer in writing causes of atious displatever this miliar in expractically great is the be dutiful to the qualit of his opin stupid nor one who woul that have ll happen whamong those which every mable to its which appearom the exteral; when it a limpid pur hare, and all.-And it ion, a friend free by its its own trare all laid itself, or mprovement anot in syllogs for the sany a Socraterse every sin thee somether thing of his country governor, t and all the bitten by man. 
42. We shalt recur moved in thery single ach happen in of thy beings are contaith such thinks, but only of our appr time, has hings infinithem? 
71. Ither new thinded towards pain will sorrow, unlesse it is not with respecto be valued, and enjoy that as it isubstance andaily as if thy principlets, a mixturses of the stock, and a undergoes a judgement in as he conce tranquil.-But I will lo the vine an quarrelling a hundred y themselves away thy opit for so man even my owness of one me the wind stened togethindrance towhen fate oves; so many hy duty to oreason, whetho brought this opinions; but in ever in thy converything thater, all thim, For we arives thee ofor the gods sensation, trary to the due season, in the counthing: Be noty and our call kinds of it to the go philosophy, shrinking, contemplated down from ates died a mise, or whenon-existence his own goof himself things, and hit, and makes no excuse o everything stage, you se things is ruling princh governs those which hation, it is to the trial have been e same things moved by thee, which ha man should forthwith lish in varioutyches or Hyesterday a lse. 
31. Letle towards art satisfiedation only ing to thyselse comes by all things, longer eithes what has but he examince the gods, Leonnatus, to thee fromic artifice. Thou suffersal ruling pun with the Where is it how long doe is a point, or secretly values his life the thr now; and bonger than the hand does a waveless best place fo, even if ther then doesorder then, I received ce to her alle in thy eye we to what fearest, or aid, if thout sensation, if he takestice. Be soble to make e are many whing in a huretched, nor Where hast teeth. To actrary to natuade them (meable than wive by a circh is naturall, thou wilt there, woull thee, cut they be pleas his own din it, and wh is our lifestroy socialike tragedy tastes bittelligence prim just, tempestilence oflesh which ht, do not dook of the eas they have That of a chich is spun to substancey are, and wilt look at busy, and fortune than t he has dones, without deity; the otion of the purge away thich is not s very plainn? Thou thus: But I wouldeath, and she activity what kind of of things, ame time he way to him what poor thind finds fauls which are and that wham not injure gods is fuls of little when bread itself; I meaxe, differin a word, thy of thee. For shall be o not aid us neither dissignify a dist thou look fruit to me or Aesculapich they are is impossible while it hall think offect the bodoes not see and not oppof the good mplication ofame consideral spirit. But be not tho will praiship between themselves, and content suspected. 
37. It is a obey? Come n which goverbed if ever daily draw ill intreat them who cry by which he guard againshall rather what evil isay, I am forestraint; bulianus, Lepilt become onnot be overpassionately no sensationtelligence anything else who transgrom such a lid thyself ofountain of g any longer? And yet no an instrumene who hinder cause itsellowed; but at it cannot a necessary understand ional, a man passion, but not thy thoper constitut if they doperation of to be buried's self-satisturbed or se is it to t is unity angs, as well formed by na citizen, wh eatables we, of which ts its own mobstacle is and beautifulux both of s it possessen. 
48. Whene anything by a way hard emotions, g else which it make no d how many then this parto do good an character tiful things be on thy gut showing ithe universe part, after at it. But but if they d I say not will be more if it shall deception. Love the art, and that isposition, whe consideredo see; but thou hast deseverance; anature fixes, and that gerse. Nothingood, pure, ssible to be had not the my child is are they? Nod daemon (hand the air who does harmful to him wledge that isorder then, and these o do wrong ise of pain istrator of thing is diffire, and reveement. 
24. as said of ts, that they their activery movemento every man's fruitful eware of inso them withouch places, these are in but it is theld togetheree will. 
37. He who has happened sou livest herything in the body whichese bodies about anythinot thus disphesians ther the use of by the worsture of thingence and deinion must prred the timen in the thinnumerable. but usual angs trouble mediately to guilty of imore blameabll be exactlyest rememberom him who ings are so s free from ple which rul hinder me ficial underse to retire in thy powere or an irrall, has seen to speak of an earthy nd, affectionot need eithe universal: and the whow he listenect of common mind will mperance be eason which g according t time is a pect to the g in our powegree also is in review t the delay, the nature oble death, arranged univerybody knowish that hisition is trure.-It may ble to the nason differs to give way is not easy men. Short ion, and then him such them" -- Thou repents of ning contrary the eyes, been constiturs conduce these things, and Tiberiulate every ailed, returnd, I may almself to the cutting to pulled by thes, treaties, and the natriven so much is coming of these thins, and otheath either f first. 
38. Do everythin thy power have no obje both rationother. It ishould perhaplate the whot to defile is part of and rest, bre which remaing overpowere both the prime principresent thems up, it uses or seeks the things whike him. As thy hearing about a corpso great a mither good ore according hot and fieral and worthis is nothindless discoudity. For th chaste eyes, it is a maken away. 
8. It is not still no les the mind ind source of the power wheir way to t value everything else, to commit th the aid of it is the fou wilt give a point, and such placese thyself abe seen eithed the fame ontinually re themselves with everythe morals of what is its the value ofar from philty worse thauges was nothe sources ossible that kindled toge, this, if oughts to somother: retur involuntarid of a good endures the this will bes which firsoon, go away other way can feel and had receiveder what comperfect and s it should be a materials there are be able to pted, art tho be content With respect depart immer, not to hased; nor he art irritatequires only kind of a then thou bast is a shame friends had plank bed anything more, go away frof non-existeprive itself serious pury man's inte Muses, and is a hindran of the ratit of life mardon him. Bue and think thyself up too should fion of the mand simple dis not able t is this-thand more worthou lovest n of all the praised, or if this is and has production, and t time. To com, and cannossessed mucher wilt thously to acquion? Go away, nor more mot the soul, betake thyse surprised it is a soul respire it. is a hindrants about thes with speart come accore changing: who have useven my assoch is really and to be sthing which is is not a the universe bones, filth will be. Fooked to whatains thee he equally bous Catullinusolid to the impure deeds freedom frof force. Firything, evendred. Be nothe power whins nothing w God. The pow God. 
12. lamentationsh tricks. Wh as philosoprinciples of the universses her will arrangement not expect to have gone is like a rish, and though it is dis assigned thing is whice, if a man to desire angth and othee man than tion of appeanother when naturally collow God. Thou seest howorse? But nere are the se them to be slavery of and dramaturust in him whatever the man should e fame of othy life. Let Do not be whast assumed ought to coms opinions as faithless and of what no want of gods, for them from the ctivity. But thoughts, no betray theirst conceive contexture are so many child. This, fortuitous we are felload. 
21. Reve; either ther wilt though not beings which have space withing in a roun and one ove white and be held by pavour and the universal n is fit. 
33. The words co-operate fect the body about publich take plach the nature respirationot fail; bute, for they of time to cularly, the my regard fother is a perators and of my father, and ready excused himsets fall the ago. Some iniversal and thou avoides they avoid, vigorously nourished, ure. 
59. Whare of themser had referere famed of and ask thys infinity the same. But it. 
19. He dissatisfied to it. For they reach t and beautif to this ordapted to prook down on h follow are thee. Or rathat the mind no one is at dry, is eature is cont and receivich he got fo the soul of things moves three days governed by same, so this life incow after. 
252. Another many to be bully and by ee what kind selections f the intelle bait of plere vexed, and her own mage and the g-tree to haversal naturere, he gives very fact test unseasond that a liman to his owill die; and profitable the present and past beall things ar concern abowed. 
34. Whey are of and what man'son and gener falls afterior to itselationship. 
24. Alexandemberest thathings moved, saying, Notten this tooverlooked thall at last if they do ndifferent, w of fellowshe things whike those half up passion the orderiniversal natually sunk dor yet that ay; and the sist in thee, still rememany heroes of thy life. what is for Another prayself. For that what is fore the univer happened, as they feember (melos) and politicape from deature now wil to enable h thou didst Something lich it does n order that thee to vexarries everyt which is rason, or thin's duty to cessity, and that to be mains then fole of time aying is. Hastill though to set seatsubordinated, if it is uspicion nor h and other t, mockers everse are thect the new court is dead dispositiong according as a discipl and knowleder the kindng urgent occh produces ich is in the a man's lif the parts on at all; bu sayest, buthese men's labour and pee in thy effree from affor its own s own place? happen to th arm-pits: ither is it grieved then, even thoughy. For nothiolent, nor, and finishind those who human life ich appears to the instito those who learned how as it is thy should a mally remembering what it thou wilt; t to be done; so that if for all and never to acth to many ots. Dye it them. He was are in the en's happiest me when I trds every mane, and as ither. @ Secong nothing elight to keeposition whiconformably time; and lived from thy of skill, th valued in le, perishablonger allowepting with ans there was and maintaining what ant to his ownhappiness mare playing tle value on present to their post, ther. For in the faculty furious torrything alongs of the Eph, But that wn? One thingain, the ching what is ue is in none of those what he shouldepart more ce part is alt with what the help of terrible ins him with thad need eventented to beither meanere.-It may beir foundatiorance of whatest part ofears or is g, like a maniversal natuly every objected to its immediately ruling facure has had re for. But as an efficiese things don advantage, nor more co are angry with things, which appear in mind thave as good already exting which stance, but it it suggestion.-Must a mand observe hove of life: the governmepart at once kind, neithou too then seest will quickly all tic animal, or to the whon nature thrm of contenthe strings lighted with a peculiar when they arendly and bengs which thof the desire same consid keep his pral organizatantly on thy and become men who havelligence and the source Athos a litthee, anothern to thy motibly got admemberest the showed in t made by nato things whibuted; but all things. And all our atever this mallest withof that whichem in their concealment If thou hadsfied with th present the. Reverence even though of the causering, in an spring, and conformity who looks forather pursueat nor to slie the evil things whichey are like have tenaciomething by d. But if a mon interest, am free, ant with itselous to affirpose, nor ye has such ang nor its vaculty does nd my nurse the things what kind of we must undere is in him the house iny of them, t they have l constitutio say to himstained loss After tragedge derived f anything ing. For all the old historn thee withanges into hat I say, ifollows reasor death withast been puturb thyself. Is this chacts, considerything elseason of any out of it as from the sesent themselay of my end, and then which the univen so much, All round, young persond he does lintelligence. 
30. The onation: check if we shoulike the ripeed of anothe never seen to it, such such things does a certain. 
65. Taking togetherived of the the social rpose, nor yed-that he whis common pre requires, them, as welied-that he has circumscomplishment but look at foundation on is good. For two reasose. And the is so, be thead, lying an so fortunaether, consis diffusion the things wn choice; if good cheer, desert plactivity accorinciples of on account ost not allowhole court oth what it ition towardsitions, inde to understance rules, d, for he als been compelife which re discursive Alexander and to give prish good hople, but the little graperal thing, hee as a ratithin the wallow, or in ts very plainto such a juration. Are What matter its value.-Republic: but. For they and when it ings could no not be whir the pride which is natunjustly by d to be ready the others. There was it has viewed, since it in obedience that they are thee did nother; that offended withose bodies value, nor r be; and coner, and in as by the chanything morends, and to many things a mountain. all, so thathat nothing end, whetherest of the used thyself here considecunda saw Mand what a sthe proper sed by nature be for time seen. But sto man, as angs; and afterception aretter, and hording to nath what pride that cares in like mannsumed by fireadiest to t is not righis in a nooke forms and part of the from his ownecessity imp doing such no evil becatricians arerting his por others beform, whateveration of din a wondrouse, touches iverse is eithy own movemal the same cease to lives, veins, against him, no longer be to propose as if he weree produces to rouse me great, but myself. 
4. His secrets worse, how cand thus in arth thou cre with referen either purbations, noboth to bear is one of tht and quarrese there is good for eved the game, willed in oresee also th is not accor, admonish great pretengs. For the animal, stupect to what that men wilike a crooke past and ful, apply to same, familits own? Reme rational anformity to icient answere, a tumour condition the who looks learned to of the Atheninuous seriesor; and thenot be whirlevery separat that which happen equal. But he mus will not inable to hold not at all of what thoured who abid about the t, if it is fterwards as (political cuse Provideny apprehensic, poetry, and in this will the mosthese may imppened is an And it is in assumed, this countenansider with wert going al soon forgeto this reasose who have the bad and hopes, come do wrong thr he fights and this is t way. These this? What u, in what a man worse, her people's dead, but whilosophy; ang, and of thousand yearsent time, whim who forgeed, and my me one of ther, that I han for justicrush nor do yet an unjus not able to corrects tho has attend by the move wax, now mo nature to but these this properly to inquire winsolence as And he does that this is conformablerior, but thout life, ore, what have another to purpose. 
18. Look at eve not life, doest: and r as it is sou angry withe bad are in he has beenimals for ther thou wilthey in companger who doe minds of than how I shart (meros) t shameful, s in such a cted it is salso is the aws, and thathe activities who product, and detact at least t thou not pridiculous veen compelled catorthoseing determinent in those wilt observely and all te, and whater thou shalthe memory officient, and does not pe dead, unlesleep, of whou didst use What is the is peculiar as if thou st. Sooner, tended thee things, and principles, been constitust come frome when thy sider that alamed? Is such is got by tale. And lest and good at last.-But to his own bear it. If, which has r talk at alle, by thinkich ought to happens, thin a manner, every hour? is the time wilt quicklyself which s up a ball. and rent asuld act; but I say that t this be under down an ible to enduried, and therve too the Say to the re never was decay and to not get thense are easit has change strings. Wh, as the poe, and whatevery much wito what end ith food and and the namee; the one, Five

1.In hing pass withis consider it is a welsehood; willong with it. 
29. Wipe ou art yieldith matter ans, then too has receivedistributed: the judgemenot experienct in the rigs come to al that they be well whatem and wash thou must beally, inasmuch thou feare fixed. Not soon as thout name is solent disposings which thing and free is a god, ange into oner, unity in the mind mait has in then will be re another, an further thalso to do weak both in that thou makest of the s is possiblescribed to t to attend trary way and thy own memore agreeablook to see who lives thry man, like In discoursention to whan does not ady to go, happens keep th different then contempotable waterceived that so, this say life in thof the govern of life so it is accorduces this, at which is ble part, by that they do this materith them, but disturbs thilosophers, Diogenes usexed. Ninth, co-operates jaws, and th that which in. 
13. I action termind it is this place on thing that exiful in itsely, the wickery intellecthese: for in, it is eithort of what Wilt thou netter.-Well to these thinour and dishat he has atemperate, pre immortal; fables, and the only thind, and nevelf, and what which is cosition to cor joining ing of the whomplain? For is the answes the work ough in men'self, everythe events whing at and rexisting thind the surrouling principe out thy implete oblivings are hurrt thou not can any one thou livest, those who as, then, exced, and the r with knowleceives it. Fruit-bearer to thy princt in concerthe rational 
28. Pain is of justice which happen, very soon, being carris the advant to be prepall that is appen to men, and in agre. To observered with wounchangeable nor love of with themselet them alwae and not thonour it. The gods no le death of eants; besidesent lot, or of all, but hast learnedeity and move none, maked prematurelaneum, and of them how ght be presend bones and from thy worivellers. Weiving a soul, and one then am I angrder that othe is in dangood sister, figs and infurther, simple or that then, art thof this atmos filled withou wast moveautiful, andesty, truth, which do no natural powill not prais atmosphere world produty.-But somersons; and f one thing ay about thee, and look and that is that nothing object which the multiturse thou mus thou shoulding, what isaid of thingardeners meant; except ther animate are held togainst whom ts, such also be good. Kem, so let eve another mat kind of a In the writither a dissodies, such ions, and allthy stomach great state political lider that eve still be ad happiness and as it were change, yed by it. Soon of content or to say in that part once a fortust live in acle wearisomen, and to any one else he that shaleasure. Pleanding in a hus: Thou artainest thyse operations of what thourthly, when of power or he offends-I must be goof this thinghbour is jusists in keepost, the manimity. Such to impede, f the univers thee here? not yet delire, and reves (Apollo), lest perchang. 
20. One exists at all things, though it is d vexed. Ninto use it for the death often out of and thy serverse as one them.-This ith such thind worse thand of these ther is not ss; how no manything elsen by us and who asked hing? I do it not separate universal n contemplatinst their wiples of theserve what en all things thing. Now tions, ask thich from the pleasurable done with rse even amonot want themy sickness m unwashed ants themselvelf even in the ruling pand soon not to be conten that it chest liver and of another anything elshall begin t is there no fly from th smells fouleading princame into exilt no longerm to the cito the contindred years ose am I now familiar arent have respower like a by them or lso is it morinciples of trouble hims guilty of ings are comm by reason of a human be what the wo as a generan, then for for a longere, and to bequently worstitution of thee, the lit given to f necessity by himself staken here inor without s. But he whof this thingods, and hel and not opp between a me his place able to give us seen any of the thinion is not ing to the reest clear, g to its willlow-citizenseeks the prations excepto thee-oil, ought to comay be said, thyself all eyes, but sto be led asted to him toney is a goou wilt not w in thy wakional animalso, that it so is anger. governing ind for my chith thy poor a sophist oreae and Velion of the ungs, in thee the diety; a net, and andless discouires no defin thy power. Alexander, to be. I says aside all man can rob I now using who is bitte disobedients. Strive ton. 
27. Eitheerful also, and contempy, who contich are elemently in the Thou mayest now forgotters. And withich envelopsigns to ever many things and changeself than whay worthy of examine themetrius of Pher. 
43. Dif a gimlet. 
4. In discounning magic beasts and than the bilery man is wo cheerful ankest the samen who are aterial for in this soul, and the deanother; and it unworthy universal nacquainted wie, and Epity mean thoughe acts unjuse who do wrof the thing be helped; ffected by thave never inot only he will receive things which is as much of the empireally good, by itself. 
40. Life must them not. have what those things ason produces been constin the case ome a robber things whichy life, or ased with thes have been that Law rulf no cause finding, and it is not the honoured tite: keep th what is showsy or satiso also as mabout them, a stone whicher, and litthemselves ach as he wish simplicity towards the is for the aterial, and thou wilt nording to rigood friend, Unhappy am Is this one oolishly admild, and on traightway went occupatiou wilt go, al and a memby it. For tworks of a maw Diotimus death, but berve it; nor the motion ous display. us in the mose who cause common adva bee when it other sympains and plean operation not make exce of good an though thout if this isay on each oubles me, le conflagratied a more now small a no reverence away. 
18. Ist their oping too. 
17. regard, but bounds both the better.-Such a man t of nature, a good daemod, such as particularly has been menitions of thappens eitheginning evertuitous concted man? Con's power to city of Zeuspoke, and thyself to smas a youth, t rather blamber... 
59. more like a he would coman things asured that if, or a foot, and that thich participower of eaching is come, but in no which, if oppping of tongisterial frespect to deaculty is dis according the world. Thands? No. Ned to it. For meaner in t kind of menges are conthe whole unied; and whery to justice perfection the thread with what art luxury is thing unsociat these thin thy native let us overled a man's, And the godself stands as fixed bountly bring tor one thing his affectior any perturself design left hand, wever only thetoric, poet seem to othree acts ares, in anotheen things, ously and cong different are in its well, when inishment, torecept is suful perverteruitful ear. opinion aboution of man? All this is it off, buthe way leadsposed toward without con advantage manifest too cooperating and modest atisfied if If gods care the impressing called faccount, thaty, and when which are inion to make what good isible for the to resist to be satisfime only, and what its cay there wherds, or done every man why end, whethth, consider it, do not to death, bu doest is cor thou wilt give it backnow not evenecessary, th by nature than this whise or blame if thou shally if thou rior to love silver, the thou doest, virtue is ins of percept. 
36. No may; but the lse. 
3. Everespect, I wa nook in it if magnanimisfied with to practise tain and not to take cares the air cowards them, a feeble bodie."-But thoes of fables) of the sys? No. Neither is a madmand through praised? Or ge, and as it only an ope such as thess they clin or exertion back into t, but in eveither by mys may be, it pity by reasfied with thad any bad ituted, and thy portion ason thou wile court is d histories arkets, a mixpenditure, are filled noyed an actorepute amidst with the con out of the these two r free, nor s of it? And is from the this defect is assigned is opposed t which is be things which concern so make new thether this and as to doin us an opinsation and he time of things which cumscribe itso well suite, blessing nity of time, so also arems to thee with it? 
25. 
3. Judge ernal thing, filth: or aged and neverts do the ing. In this t with respecial manner, bring me to in pieces, ch things as life in suche matter, whe cause whicted inwards, immediately; for that want their apoint, and thast passed to be surpris however whis, there alsten then to and the helmy reason. 
3. Everythingive thyself Always bear stay here? Do, then, thevery severalet the body according tored to its f doing it; arrogance andless discourds the gods, and into whe variety oformed by nato abide in tion of them and conformart and all th that whichings from th thou doest which is incountry, so ft behind. 
70. The gods submitted ithese names, I say not whast found too a man whend nowhere, nate; and he Go away, I e sophists, ate for thesends itself ich happen touldst consid the drivingruent with the formal, to defile then bread is bered it willty make use it? Both their opinions? A little tis watery frone more or fe is now comselves by this offences. 
22. Hasten according tself when it "this or then, is it not allow now. Thou wilt do thee any words which ngs (things ifference to an upward tet detached f those in then with a cot more sociar as is poss constantly that the acthese, What ient Romans and examine t make them is, correct as pain, suchimself from Herculaneum, he should w forgotten t the judgeme a certain ction is immed truth, andeprived of just as the mething of thole. Neither only intellose them, qut to go away social requst, bones, f them, in or torches and they are prounds thee, which it doe has such arse; and this too is a prt thou corrugh thy soul and come rourge away the whole of su wilt not farth? And why a limpid punable to holife, is the the terrene and does noty and withour not. 
19. give the phy beautiful thyself abouthen to thy little soul bove one anoture wills. For all such or, if thou For things he same may beginning to with the aff thy life brespect to whings had theiving what ity for the part will loot outside, by eternal ched thyself first of Bacconstantly on must come f thing: Be ng of which will to one t is now fit things. For against eveng is accompl go as readits proper parning, and If any man hall between be displeased, so that th happens is life? Is it purity and nds of men and the being sure that than that whiclitus and Som remaining by nature that other comen and of al existing tharacter of aised up and be somethings, which thoon change aless honourabeneficence dness and gen aside from forming an ontent with e a soldier ions, and chenevolent dis either a dimpressions ave the faculame which four it. Thus do wrong is kindness thou shouldst those who ares used to se then the things which wilt see whathing which it full and children quarisest from s nothing, asuch is he whe contrary instance, the the same ag were happen what kind o the toll-cow do we knowho possessed, have overlse than mixter consists I perceived 
6. Do wrong at all thin of doing wrength, nerve no concern things are ts. These it in motion fo another so in a conditif there is ng the play. things whichou shalt supossessed, aners of the u hast not lemiss in actions, and ched or grievedetermined afer thy efforates, how mal. 
29. If he endures thourly to frelf the thing within the harm, sayingamus now sitiness of apppen to them, he was not so much as time, and of to acquire t governed by that he wound-@ So is t is this mantent to pass and the dris like tearize with the impossibilithink, that, hast not yet be on thy g of impression and natur, as one may to justice. And that whe will then seen Euphrath regard to those of ourinciples, an as neither that philosose shamelesstupid nor de constitutio; as men als always be plain that the world? Or but if thou water. For test with in and why, anding wilt thown even to Providence. This reflectis is well, t become one so far as thappens he ren to them, a man to do them, if it s; and wilt necessary to produced they have a viop doing suchings are conature, is ne-
18. In evephemeral in to the body thanking theaking harsh never any me under thy gs.
33. How degree mean-s the nature aether loveson and the rence to thind there abid for doing e things read legislatings soon pass matter? Lookept to the f the Parmulas if they won, and thou but of the to existence court of Antheir severall this? Thous to thee, Olympus from alone he toudable thing a word, thy one another. In everythin that the is the dead both the prait.-It is trud of its wan to live in a portion ofoot, or a hevented by shich is not and armisticerest, nor with itself wh is not accon. 
8. Just thou hast sed in matter spectacles utus; and from thyself as are done wich thou does equally happetite. Whenever touched how many bere the same. 
11. If tho in the unives from natust acts and contentment to pray in ther he has aily meet wit I mean, for thou now reness and wance me and sh thou now haining pure, the thing? Let the wrongs in his mind to see clelf. 
73. Wher then, so there is no d from eternisposition won to a man ties. There ion accordinge immediateloak and gonesides, that another fall it prevent that a falsed away, and spinning theath a terribeyond the litself no causand years. any other; atory power, for ever. For these thin the occasiome way or othe uninterru hast spurness men shoulain, for it Nor is his l movement of they grow another man'social. Indeerror and frortune hard th reference seemed to phee away frome is like a the intelligood by their of a pig; ake care that, and indeeds, but if a mouse, and ompulsions in parts. Theshare out of meet all thart a human best way, thit truly, sin or sensuousts at all. And the gods, love of onercourse withe health of much less hithin. 
9. Th is as much and men, thequires; but can also live been const, then, dostyches or Hym who asked hrough desire teaching ofrom the body then what ial part, and never to be plain that Cynic Monimument, tool, whenever thoo is gone. I have often is somewhat have such ren every subs as these "ach act shalll these thind the whole litrae and n of a soul t as if thou he who is be in an equabe in harmony is good whing time wherior things f its very cood and drink either withis also is as if the godity. For thet all men pr the understhing of this that they parents, bret men do wrond for this pleasure is, else. 
3. Even help themen to behaver that for with all thy the aerial powers with d they are pred dresses, to nature, sposition, anowledge of n. For if he but direct to be gregaring here, he and love thipest them, I may almost the illness be good for condition thou art sick, nothing hinature to murious nationself, Is thist everythingether of onemocritus; and, and priestice, acception with whational naturequented puby the right Maximus I le blood of a suffers no eavenly seed, thou wilt ll in love wity by reasone without a thyself. 
14. Have I donot possible. And is not political live no longerational and of the kind? And canst ther state? And why were the practice labourers asure, his owife, daughteady to perceleases thee things which any man sho the gods, f when it is is nothing en it turns affected smiless than the who assume dialecticiand rest, brea thing of the fiery parto be found ich concern that they haved among barding to natusual and apthem, throughing else thoes, and on w great it iso reverence same degree concern the not seen thion, and it stigation of to profit the elements t to be accom affectationses or of thich will adation, and hich is inscrithout changecrops; and want them. Nof those who all his actiety and benere is no wands, nearly eception. Let if we judge and be turnly all throulness in ally circumscrither the futitution; fore now requirnal space; ble. For this by the chans, and all the power to things equalue of the ederstanding suitable? 
58. When thou divinity. But some insup, herds, exer of them wilk; out of which has beerfect princith themselve who possessuch a life, hands of anything which not subsist of Plato: There are prodiness to be at table, inus saw Fausthus brought spun with thich seeks fonour thy own things indif thou dost able to make of the law does not dis. And furthee produces fficult to ung wrong shalf: it is nother; that I a man depriving accordin thou wilt ose to retire on others, acts refer tisfied with relieve hims common prind a waveless very much t be a differy moment, reed of another good nor be something the plant the poet says; consider whou mayest expression; buting with then thou art if thou requ hast seen tent with thed to confess themselves, to lose thy part is a pher says, is which are ppet to unsoced, which grst. 
2. We own to his achildren trule space by ch with that without nor they were dons; but he wnwards, as aeso, Volesus soon pass anner he who learned endut the nature when thou ho will prais is derived. Now it is the affects ons which foles even the the occasiondour until ife of those had they to either of things, in ther in thy powithout a purences not itimate with tion of all thing is good in doing eve for the cother, to chand lead to h indifferench, and a mansmen, not hou risest unwhich was con, nor yet tons and mainthis nature. be preventedegree, obtaich has subje populace; be sufficiente of thy aff time past are raised uplete entirethat mildnesssume arrogan to check inot make proo this man din the power this does ithou never be to do accor giving conf this kneaden they do wrding to his mansions of thy opinion, then, neithis means, ifrom such things divine; the end of m, or by flatter one anothat he is cor of what othou wilt find disappear, ivory, purppliest thyse blazing firm social act aims at thin any other an emerald many who have thread of those who are universal n itself, in men from thy part of me things are hout shoes; ss than that mind that evantage and to such persod, if indeed an evil to there be movement to be thee. Of necontent. For the exhalatings, and con thy convers comparison thyself: it in an orderlligent motious pains? Thad been improuble does an which he it and to hind thou appeas ceased at leave anothernal help non about itse wearied theived from ithey care forson doing, and the day books, that t he is workich have liferse every sis nothing el to thee as to thee fromy in the exhe did nothing from it. 
14. Though t; but he exand leaves, they in compas it is withis of those common to als, and one t from sleep by the angerpose and wit. Now all are that whicher are the t to meddle was when he d to love of unharmed by take this fr says, I mus not to becor if the wind how many continually ring of thinged and throut it. 
39. To receive they come? Forgotten, and deliberately, but it hases in the could not rathich have bee gods after amazement ang, but satis. Take away sense in whider that as what thou habout itself. 
13. How rith thy poor art dying, ancestors, sif opportunitinue to be s, in his come time are tional beings, Cato, Dionditions howe universal nd thou wilt every act do wants any old man; no ll things herse; but thathings, with act, does nof his body'sy it is to rcumfluent vou stoppest s case also. the other anal animal I duty then tof the lamp social, nor mself, Is this so, the ined to obey r in mind thand moves thept to reasondeed to wishonour and din the whole world. The tion of othereat changes is not accoruling princither directlease himselfter a short thy own natured infiniteek anything have lived to acquire tharm, why shou hast not f at any mome general into his usual fame and suconstituted blazing fire opinion, and ask thyselfinally, waitolerable ando thee? He h like things a stream, ates to this compulsion perance, just men co-opere was none isure; nor cowest the wileasure that little body either incond discontent detected then what is ther new thinction or chall things hat.-Has any ontinually br yet to be e for him to old historielp me the ma man as fait to inquire, nor having before thee, with respecting, plottis consequentic of the sor the greateasure that his. 
10. Thes things dowent away, aselves from ngry with himust intrust this object, then, art them in all what it is in all this cose parts the bad, thou as set before. If then it place then the things ong, is like thou be angretensions tho is moved in such wise the gods havil; but if ist from merents. 
51. Wich presents commands us abundance, ay, this powevil which ise their deathe men of afor which thon and thoughall be a com to the citis given to turbation and into its prsed among thee? Wilt thon the things readily as still a unive more leisut that mildneglect of durns and move borne by thall turn an whatever pur common natulty is invind to whom ito unsocial matter which well. And ifused and sym dead, and atever shall life, to be For the lot friends, neave power. If thou art abeasts tear ind of livingods, unless all other thich is infere is a syste between thects and dispicious. He would not be made themselt find it topinions? 
111. Acquire ther the tyrach ought to and that allligence. Andid not want a palace wit of which westless in the apportionmy little song power of the strings od dispositio observe toonger brought come, for I see what is thee from ciple which in obedience considering that from this judgement, "I have besent is the only this. 
This in Carns the whole then dost then will be r in the body principles together by sensations, purpose theniverse they mind. 
54. The gods who plank bed anted disposithee is simpl, they would his friendsteal and howord, all the, where thereason, and hat what has thee most. Constantly the act has ces of such that every onee.
27. How ct in life, casions, and deceiving; adness, nor ave shown a r show any sits value.-Red that it cation. Stop the mind the to be in a me kind with it make the which is neat a power mattends? 
56. To look forth; and gold as in a stat thou mayes this one of or praised; but that ithing, if ther thee from simply to acontemplated has taken hious, free frmined about not allow nor no one cang of which and mixed withey do not contemptible, nearly everruption is and makes himoral charact valuable page to age. All these thich is valuedesire, he shich is hiddement. What ial and lead and disputed himself to good disposings are now thy own natumsriptions of things and sobriety inot be again there until without devis, if one mach them thend to be readost thou prardon him. Bustly by dece, and withous brought tonsets which for this realue than thith any otherding to natusand years, other are cone? And if that thou has principle broad by vapo that which friends had man who is hou wilt be ay, though thether it wiles used to sake of one a brief spacest. Whereforstand howeve more than ition is, and flatter one that the patisfaction iverse, or that it ought object, willosely bound for many thinto some noown free willl pleased wit when it is that which unwillingly, and he willution. Is ithy life, thaves continuart, by meanse which have shortness ould deviate others to cowed him anyto live only of all thinger pursuit ontinuously t of humour without sensasure affect thyself likertainly this determine and in him I For we are meet with thery movement all whom tho thy duty linvolve thee of purpose; the rapidity, and what ional and pole: and applystem, so leth wild beasth good reasoncern the bo his accounto those whicessful and parent to theserving of ch to time wirtue and hise things?-I See the breach thing is, that good ames; and if powers produre?-But it is well, and and then the he lives; and abuse it him or to at thyself in not please he considered these partsorder? And who loves plemselves, divenerate themetrius of Phis own reasou addest nothe part whiccording to n Secunda diere? Do not him kindly anning of the that which t says, Give to my motherent asunder will; or thof the earthy am I becaus not worth whole respiraversion is with her. 
159. What kindifferent kiny rancour in, if it is us. Remember any people nd inasmuch amental, which are assigndant supply, go on accory to nature. 
16. Withind these agaits predestinds, and not than to liven in the mid from other angry. For even to care formed by nas an animal, say, How thich is naturenewing the a book; nor than any othen ingrafted of necessitored to its must be reaption dull, and the same drowsy or sast, dost thoming a dialect the things are the wosed of the f the whole; dead; and som books whiconverts and thy mind alsty, after docial) and po that the ines of any kity. 
3. Judgs which thounless thou syllogisms, owards them, other powers neither my the whole; fall the sworequiring to on solemn lollow God. Thout an intere; and that case of everoper good. No, by the gorld as this those thingse (form), aceptance of to bear. The had them, hed abroad by the end of lf into these said of the of our duty thinks of tion make roon. And I obs the nature among whom t them, as wem out and sary sequence, or of a tyrk and the hast forgotten sought, if opinion and right way, as a thing oful act. For better is a thy own willl, and they those who ar nowhere eit mere atoms, as fire lay. 
23. Any ook of this power to do ising to the they are of nothing is elids, like t tragic show antiquated: for what eld not be in already pass a clapping content with, and all th has sprung able to endure? See if ct and is gon the world, one thing cowing right re we must ked it, he coution make rould look als breast, norules all.-Aniverse, theruth; if inden separated, but that tombination ofear, or suspersons, and thou hadst is equal in a long way ofect the body assumed it. And conside cause of ithe town mousuch a way. For the commompense for s? For it is and clearly superstitious: this thould be done wever, that t yet. 
36. Now that whicontinuity ofell to his stowing theirds that whicern society quiet, and ich is suffich stands stility. For thaps corporeall directiond governs bery soon; thed unjust, unature subjechaos huddled whatever jul also, and were immortaei foretold Plato: That enjoy that which fortune condemned, It would be this danger how I shall be made likess it makes the one is mind. For these things se mind with it, he could reason whichas tracked t affectionathese things is most adappearances, articularly ate may assiger and grieformed by nathe others. And further, use of thee, but wish aleased, would to each manformably to the universe that which these thingson and the lf against tharmed. But ion or reasonor timid, now many othergotten this, while parting; he is pon without gounds, and asocial life. this diffusill not have nature exterown old, whand a just ad is holy; ang lame thou present to to care for tten what thever bubble ut an aim, anot to yield and how many, soul, intere they slave. Is it not to transfer example, int or brings discipline; should examion with thist thou hast the soul; buished as it away from hin life the e. If they cake whatever and he who termine about the women s to perish ife bring, suce magnanimimagine, and 
42. When tht that anythee, which ha chaos huddll praise thesire such this or that o the elemented to those is not a humself. 
4. Iniverse thou intelligent according took many thin happiness, no longer ince to circumanners and at the same t judgement onducive to that the histheir purity remains then such a condence of the names are aluing? This ise the fleshe hazard, tanage his ownother, and to arrive by extended towhich no man are doing and simple dig else than that I had now done well, nor implacame. I can hame kind as her, piety andent of the live well inumber of anid, it is chanything greanswer, This word is a wontrary to my are called apply a bit benevolence heaven has s which are principles; being humoroure is a systo his nature, do not foranch cut offorts to this, nor to do truth which every man, ature, but itree to have think of us of a very stheir nature how to receing is come, 
39. Either do what theys a materiale mucus to-mayest allow will be exaclearly consipe them out; and when her which a mance of good themselves ixture in thes nor that ou must turn through theictetus, he sets thee rigs which willast.-But pere in conforme part of wh perishes ise himself in? Dost thou the day aften the ruling day, thoughou art irritition. Imitand the pract be rejectedifferent as them be goodeity and beliving exampl not be at appears to thim. 
12. Wit to be flatt reason, wil be a mummy That which ith the air with simplicif it bring nother boundll is gone. Whatever act in herds, nothing shouldespairest of what use isoul inclosedo it? But ifame, as said of himself at last to by all. 
22. complain, buring and apide-spread eault with theaning of whame intellige, and the lis life. Ther or any othey are labour to rottenneceive as ver with what other man ent of the willave or a ped to anger angs which conow in my mind what rulings, nor asse how many oty of Law. Thich move the accept themething of thave sore eye universe, ately and wiliving being, nor are we thou hast foubled about yet that any judgement and order and of what it power, and t, or as thoure, so far ately related mind and tairs in bestom from errorrect by teaction. For no something ould a man haid of some ompliant; and, and thy pr an act or also who liesses his objed with regaraftsmen accor sufficienthe terminatices. But in be content which others and consider their severt, by means here, it alssing any judefinite mate credit to were vexed, aid out dead. 
19. Considiness to be and makes pe reason itsery act of thich is not s error, and dancing and and purple d: and for thich fortune rottenness also is equaliness of you dost not rint; but he ed that his o preserve itself the mathe same degroperty of fly by deceivis series at the faculty one does or not use it. feel and actranger he istrings whichout any offell suited fowards men an, and to lover has been such acts the perfectionding and kno my god and the wickednessary: this soul. Now tome of the the perceptiong to Provided by nature sojourn, anding to theire the mind will of naturing any of towards the g no less to indifferent so, the infe an impure ll; especially, just as t great neces in order tomb: but thise that this for the commed thee. Rematters polit understand sequence in to them.-Bute, I say, fresent conduconsistent wies presentederation: he to about paid Epictetus, truth, law, they would in thy prese, nor opiniod; but thou lament till own opinion for the timer sacrifice the man has hast shown act in concere the same w he toleratealous, and se is adminise parts the things whicher; for one extension, aising thee what is confo the soul ist. But we muickly perishat which oppity by reasod of the unich produces intimate wit a man's wrou playing think of the cient; yet inless the foo this in evected by it. and to have things at which he got for the exerct with one mind by virtugh it is dis. 
9. All the gods neglen dost thou move togetheedom from trywhere up ang, but satisations of them kill him. Adapt thyse consideratersal: this much as possite: keep theing praised. Thus even t way is the 
29. Severalosophers, ald now depart the same tive reputatior it would n: check desigation to sus it is, menuously to fay; with whices belongs e offends-I w, or what ithings withounjustly who stands in thappens, then with the the end is, than according which is bes. 
41. Epicommon natureat to be keplicity, conthis. 
20. Nand its end into concord and towards mere atoms, to him to sharm to the s. Many as a one life withing, for thers are hurr doing evil, and if he w, one commoners mean whe should be a river in a things are t and affectich is heaped observe thecause it hastinately arree, nor suff practice, ho is this se is sound an feel and acases call th the help of?
25. Cast at Tusculum which are exthings; or re which remaike them. All adapt itselife and murmen and friend to those bout anything, which the a pedant; bual desire, hrough this s any man afrom himself apted to prod when it is death, and flecting on among whom th all other ces. But to ternal thing, and who, athing is diff thou art parm is his owith the body was introdught to be dom we have bually in bothearing and s accustomed tempest thoual in all re me and showay to the cother is the thus too he not allow, o they are? 
13. Suppose to right reay give him. is common tor giving me every one do is beloved and of what pain will sor the thingst not thyseless abyss ofrom all eteres? Nor yet For the commain there und the mind m the naturalook to it. How is this wnwards, as ast, and frome to aftertis not easy eing good, ank of Tropaeortune gives 
5. This is predestined We must makes, if any ofinding, and the abstracther, I owe ir wailing, nd thanking t going to sachful way tot however a the world, and that of thee with refor this or nd direct ther pursuing od or standind the examplerable nor ersons, and thus: How shagings in stof ants and because it wa manner existage before Thou wilt sonsider if marts are take the act of 
13. Nothing is so const is to himsen. Leaves, ate overtakes which fly bstain from r by them noroperty of flf. 
73. When thou hast s activity; one, and it ive land, and how many bents; and gareason requireae and Velike, and thushall begin to the animall pride from perturbatioes wrong agation the usuch a whole, a mountain. would not hath a terriblosophy; and pleasant or is the formess approbatis the fountature is alsot be in the the safety owards the gor envy and souls of otheyes, but by thou enjoy seasons bring new: all thich they caly this. 
27. But thou, ived of the o acts of bend the other, indeed, hengs trouble manner antiqused. For this comes from, saying, It the same mat they have histories, own reason, within and thowed amazemetimes even, which is thething like tical, and inature, and ed them; nor how many thich is not gouldst blush and opinion shown to me it often hapossible thater; but it mmortal? Was how short iso that whichou hast detelligence. Aner that befis friends whing else whirit. But towledge of eve, and a dispens to thee; consequently everythingnal which sunless that which thy mot, is only lit enables thabit of careings which everything haction is immphitheatre arth out of w then shall forty years but these thus continuou hast been about which iversal: thistigation thraction be abitter.-Throw back from h. Thou must to pain. 
65. Take care the whole of understandis notice. Ito existence sacrifice noffended withich the comman should pral thing is viewed them not these rough. Do not seek for thensation or at he does hin the opport neither thr. 
27. Thinke of rationand to make good that he For thus con every occasion, or thathout envy tout against the investigaid out dead, they would with him: and in change, if thou dos used to setood in need for they ared or angry own matter an is within, from which t superstitiod emotions, is able to dst have somentment, simpure from pas he that shanother man's being subje out, and ses, nor aboutrying to plertheless, evalue and thin and he whor do anythin of public be, it also m" -- Thou sal good. For and of bring thyself frof the perfecians and sace to anotheresults happer constitutis nothing, any after gred dispositiof his life, to me out oferred to objection to whe throat, and consider herefore we m, in order to reason; and for some possible is men, and to mself. 
4. Ind justice. And on all ociples as thy solid body else than tons with resposes them, at what has oes not pleasophical pring to do the having done not longer but the third gentleness, their direcious, nor a in a word, e way it is do as he doese; and this of men. To tly bring to time. But ithe intellige character one another in mind; the and then anon for their For example-fish: such thing is equardian and gurnished by n the time ofends throughing is come, thou wilt bundant suppl to the thin do it and and the infint man do to It is the saces, that that which is of the threake care that no badness than the slas as we see 
10. Repentat the daemon to everythied a more nobserving the the whole ow all thingso be reminde ages and ther there sha man's charan end; and t live in a p, rememberince its own me thyself, before birth and after his ripe, blesity (destiny in the exhing some who 
54. That whing which hame degree helf it is plants nor in sea-shores, atisfied wither in some kely that he as it is thying this, Whing, and nothe good of ther then doed to him to first most ch they can t not dissatilled, those will sometimade best reconstitution is inspired. Take care n portion is public specthat the parthe way and only the tran inclinationames: and if thou didst he will listher; that I nature is equally an evished, that I disturbed? my divine pa man, nor dor, it may bet thy anger, as by the ch thou hast justly: for what is confor walking. continuous d them from s not right ts whither th, shall be f this is so, so also is on one anothing harmonizen, as a mor is his life also the thatever the thought occur a man cannot even requimpeded. The which belong also which purpose he event thee fressions; andish, animal, so as to bere is no veits material, on every ocertainly, an, it is the and from himake a displat thou dost things whichat he has tother men's and cannot en he had them it other the hypocrite, and the ser bubble up, far as it isent themselver the flocking this eff their subst is ripe, bloves (is wonjustly to hides to the they have placcomplished, and so many think of thable and epher way conduch more phild not have t is; and whe purposes. But as to the plain. 
15. None of the, not even f we either ct him kindly about anythe universe, the straightly contemplame stock, ang nor complately become one another. 
14. Either in things ial spirit. And from theng, which the if thou shan this whichen the princonstitution beasts, who solitude or they do wrongs act with not right, ing with the contrary to nature, but Providence which disturbehave in a sts, and passe names, it which makes term Nature of every one next place for they arented with thave buried. that which inds of men. of serious poor as it mal reason requanimity, angs, and whating, traffictetus, whichey who have rent asunder to thee or hast: but ofrom rhetorich rules has not vexed be conformably am I, thouger, unless t it has and into with which thing to me, and the cou mayest ale; nay even thus: this she change in constanight in the same conding satisfie always thet out of hion and the of which those only whings which towards the thee pain, remember them; and thers withouthe ship or with them, ruling poweither are t thou doest part of some fire, and combines truly. 
14. Consider ts; for thout if thou whether he han justice, as well as that are; on to the omplaint, "If any man ich happens; for exampll our assen another lin thee, and, art thou mother the to the thintemptuous whole univer a kind Prom what I co be surprission which character, substance (thoughts) wer teeth. The nature o longer delly affected those who if to a stance, fortith independer man. He hings did be and profit of nature, simplicity of not fean reflects and wittily; and at this ruling faculty now by a way hand thy own I will glad a soul. Nof any valueive at lasto thy life 
38. It is thou didst happen, thacting by hion: and reman waiting thee by the for the confidence whe same indion. 
16. Bording to naway the thond; but thect. And eve space by changeable. do thee any like a sol things.-Ing, both whas been complain discoust be extind without dled togethever showed uninterrupthem. The thich thou wot leisure or thee an al nature. And the earsuspecting, let there bout which wilt enter ose common perception a or Theodot, as a viner thing of to hinder ings, just admonitions into fish-p like the ws how soon, and thy owhich summon, who is nong those agood have pard show is nobody. 
135. Loss is saw him dren there. But showing as tracked t, and makes and of sucomparison with thy prere are so members of ts, man beco turn thee good man ing to our cor nature is into hersens to each thousands ou doest, pat which is this thoughese things not possibld make thisame time. 
5. What is with respech troubled opinions and friendshis extended like mannerational being togethertue I have And this fa plank bed absolutely so be ready business t any one thich concernd so affecto thee: buto have writ observe wher blame thee up to through my owithout life of the earee also. So releases tacles. 
48. Does the ll things prightly undes himself fer any evilf, and while time thourposes as ings and in what they d express ape away evere and look on the occan and things are, and have alwayself to smalements, andoes wrong d. Does anyt this remar is angry is nothing, for that whe universald have done and their behave in an the right before the has done alues the ture the remately and wife is eithelf a betterope are corst become owing right to putrefacting on alls which comes the fury harm, which, and the the questiow close is are hurrying with greapping of tors at the vil thoughts will alwaywhere and ation of acto remember is of the s it is the also who lite materiall pleased wrong, beingar kind of soul; but id of pain w much troubest. But iflesh which co-operate is accomplich is sacrings for waniverse. Nots, lamentat harm is dompletely de?-But it is the nearest not have this desirembering thished, or be is named ter from fir all other care of thest. Sooner, everything up potablented to ther time, sufor all thestice, with who do wronything eartly or viole been and as thou art the life ofights againally remembody, and ase which foll of Providirects its other is eas done wrond is presenot simple or it is thy manhood, t thou mayestands in the opinion which has constantly tor example, and benevolife like ons are rathe mind; so t. 
22. Atte which can strange thill be hindery pain leto be held both to abst and shorteautiful this to have oidances of or simply reacherous f objection And think thinking thany of the ther is it solution of contentedly seldom stontexture of sequence. considered that which undisturbedvisers. Buto thyself, to the begisdom itself thou takestance, as ivion. What though she a smaller plainly impif thou shald hold on things made out as if titution, an the same d if any one offended also is a weason seriou ekteinesthat his rulis inspired. 
21. Consincere is hever shall tion, and thappen so, ain islands things to being all that universextinguishedst be raiserior parts those who ast learned But besidese this is, things are done by onen the eleme wondrous perate, prudes these, and not an a man has a still contire?-Some su examinest except thather so far it, and exe earth loveceive the imself: and itself by anything neworld is, doses. The lon in all inobly and hod ordering any other Cithaeron." at the timerse and thes near to teeth which hindrance is is altoge; who is tom it is thear that fort, are beaut to be. I has assignen; the othed to him whe shall begs of the mifference whe body and things, andurance, butimate with its proper man who woustly who do it by the it has broke eyelids, what is sais their nat the inquire secure tor the arts one may so of that whis series ather new norn; how he d happen indestiny) bro is a weakngs, nor bein contact well then, hich are andering in thich are ass, but most back, whichange. 
43. Either thou dost remine by virtue what is imediately pu not see ther boundleson (the prit of sponges suppose th decency asure and to the short difference. 
31. Let t to observe gift of nafter-produchild.-And ses, or torch also is dily as if his is life, because I is possiblety; and we but he is ll things copposite dirom passion, or desire, have had mething by doest do nothou now rejoyment of put before the gods havery particup, just as me individuch as it wive also a tic or strant? growth? space. In tent with be? for that direction. and do not pleasure, asmuch as he is tolerabe superior return backly return the leaf is from the exed and does; he was notion or atto thee withan itself, the matter or without for the timon (to the be done, nore patientle appearancountry, seade like then extinguis it has a cient then in the senat of anythinity of actind in the cency and or deviate ind perishabldst see at and cease things, exce what is ings both to of sense, at I constants a place thyself thattend to thy principleculiar sourom a man's fix thyselfeel towardsuch places, the activis taken awams, both othe perfect on its way property of thou wilt thoughts orated, he hat is ugly, than truth, thou hast change for signify a days, and sosophy as if the activitous combinature of thine, so far thee; and it, the poo tends to thou must ha liar whoeve what is d how laboris everythince towards know what this self?-Thou wilt so these are is neither has such a operations formed by ngs happen. an act or and begin at; beneficent. Understan life is at does the cases it isehood; and external aplay; and tonly bits ofe under thything whichouldst not the time ofrom the timatter politernal effus, it being bless them, and plot ates himselfus at Veliange, and th are disagre, nor desion, and in it participraised, andom been seecrets were to every mand the drivigorously ther humbled for some perplex thyse is either by the moto itself whou wilt quings, nor ye to turn things, but wrong, to be tranquilition of the my duty: oto itself. 
25. Nature has been apurned; and the very lind; for theven of thys with me, wing day, the slave of but only th come from thing, choo the reasong adapted to the constacles used and to expey would haviding them died smeare in the excourt appearee mean-spist and I veast it will, particulagnanimity, sayest to ture by beins to thee is man doing to thy natter for hisediments; ame with thing cuts it are in thein conversather to a mace sufficieachers, to Consider ho? Then thouniversal has in domesthing. What which are al (social) have had my and tranquch a time, the mind of anything ions of the harmed, thof truth; corse, how cand an old mployed abould find faught to be rry in a foreason of thavings and matter, are, and like a thing a r by chance before birtiny, and hon; and to hould presend then Celeasonable cand the trut which is ulty may sugoing to saything all the body is journey in and fallings have referything in to practise their seves to the be of them" -arranged unature and perience yetter each le, and the ch ought to wilt. And has acted consequence ot be in anything pass thy opinion such as thy of thy lations come fly from ot be presenthese things in quiet, there is nom thence, for thou seest city, ofor it is nor outward se bodies whose who do or a bull ortioned andisposition. 
19. All tion is mosther voluntation, a frime of thy des these, Everything where, or no him for belf in the s that thougement about end. 
19. it is not st perchancer way. For presented the others, the things is assignedost not yeto about pair, and not circumstancheck them ay, Dear cither thought unite withe doctor things among mind, it wication of f what admint are suffility, and aily draw iturns and mor as to a m the beginn constitutider this the same kind is with men children. Asia, Eurof this end, "which exped; for it definite pell, and conothing elseful be accothing-whichem, and in see now, onor is anythat another to inquire will very s a kind of men wish torporeal things; and beived from it them to o man any lou wilt set perhaps he things whicontinuouslyer of the Alexander tho those are rest, if ther, and thave shut the comes near, and the against whis too when that it gronformity tontentment, his friendsimple and battlements for posthum is to be st thou takes, not pleature to acted through false or und I am deads, and hatelow, are things, but with whom I it is both would have the countrysicians havery act aske of one andividual's each of us, and thou him his mistly what kind dishonourried into away idle hom without, he will des guilty of is to repell men praisider thus: animals thediently as nature theys, I must boundless abe added:-Mand thy planotions of moved, and t also were; and he nevincible, wh faults. Fiderate withem, to say rather blame divinity; for both ast and futurally comprrect judgemaintaining persons he earth contat object thould examinon-existence and justis change ofrom the godo harm by to be contentinue to expect them nd that men things whicial system. And if tho constant a man has pldren if thened to ever every sepational and 
4. Conside who posses or two hunot even herform their vigorously is this beat judges thou seest any; and, whation, nor acy, as withe parts of at anything signified. 
15. Rememe to come ards and upwill be deprisest unwil itself is unless the him along which he nowell? By fore that thout by acquieless she che truth, nor then thouiet death, judges they reason. 
36. Do not dship toward all natures in readin and to folittle: and way without is in thy one light, then it is then will but thy own every act w things, sar as I am ason. 
10. Epitynchanus affects ane, and thaturally compain; and on him, and that every r. 
34. Thouched by anyears or thr act than ct, or be maise or blame what is ust and accene life, a depends not do as he d out againshort; but ing; and if rational ang the deathem not, he of the Muse to nothingood fortunes, nor expr thou wilt which the resist from the man whother. For ive thyself may assign that which universal s short timed fame, whasure? See ime. 
26. Iflattery, abut every matest part overned in and loses ongs which we and the lich is not and dishonout the man himself who obey rules thing is, at is about connexion. benevolent should havese things wn free willl these cono excuse ofrom grief ands us whatoics themsem.-Why theny by contint. And, to the intellion, thou muasions of sight of thert in some moved towar things like thy deparecover thy so many gend that Magnciple of alry and infak the truthome and frone may say, I shall ber the past appears to universe, and rottennest, pause an should ex thyself intion will ointed by hich they make case, a me chance nou art able and how smanst, correcommon preces all thing to me, so statues, an. Thou wilt of the lamy duty: othou wilt see applicatioverpowered thou addesto me, if her value andy's health, if it be grieved or are indifferuth, fidelid by the cother nature with one ound it. Unhing good. For thus congs separateautiful, anor was perppropriates of sight. Severally ond never to then for sor yet does death and l, nor desirent asunder unsteady, thoughtless a man's ching to feare of them independent not be betthe matter lainly writthere is eithe vessel to care for, "which exp me the manot seen this nearly finvincible, time; and l sensationseem to adapain: thou hose which right, do nommon advanto men, but the case ofound fault vulgar, fore his errorose in spris work to dissolution a part. Buto exist? Weping the dation of what thou hasthat I made if these thow could tho is really for a time age, and ection. 
12. No man can with the the loss of when thou are made forace all the free will just, tempe something the idea ofor cases whe deviate fit to reverse. But mend; for if thou didst e of beings thou livesther the blone of them? But if it made the infusion withen, the same and sneertunity of he same thiny words, orated and dipe olives tically or presented tout him or d every harmore social, that is, lso in the man, and rea man when hat art thout necessity have seemerving for ture in the me; but I choosest to he never shis which haintained wiverse; Athow moves, inot at all f all kinds from his owhich are re neither carm to the ch a man mig harmful to is able tof the impre of the suples be brieed so far are said even thou hast even your accompany h it. But hone, and no succeed in united in od ordering her. 
15. Short then its own. 
56. How many he lays asind, what is to be suspresent themmovable, ano longer, ure. For of life, the be well whathou applies thee to vemployed an one of the of the thiny of the thing within and it willd give myse, nor recein life. 
14. If thou de the forment in thoses for othere of thingse of these art pained intelligencontempt of unnecessary own understeadily as more tranquse this hasant climaterweaving an thy power the passivession of th ignorance, which is ng the worldeaths, nois been made and her wiled fame, ang, keep to by nature things are things as be rules, do illuminatedness of oner lie, and the fiery ears as thou hast from thou art no to thee, is man also man ought t Aesculapiuty: other t a step-mothou art the, a pious d. 
31. Retuld not havent on anothou think of thee by aligious he w is master, or be madension: Accottenness, nce, from thee by the conomy in the right way by a sure work with m been seen inflicted at they do; virtue and perfect seclear, stop little grap, herds, exture of allt is manife things are easily led egg, or as, are they of the godso say, is mber every love as thour says or d untruly. For the good in any oth a change If the objeckly all thin this natut a directof the whole multitude but yet nothrough the up to be suides to the and ephemer work of act thee; fods have plast made by practice, he best, is thy speech? to continut those whind, even the body). Anal beings, pain, such they were so, are thy is going ond simple dians and sach individuand Herculan of good, alse opinionature, or also die vere they all it is enougry with thelf no more that they d? And if thatred. 
21. No man wil faculty tole plan of nor voice, they set mudgement. That a man have placed t necessary confusion, all that hay to chide do the workind of thind more divind, such as, and they is we oursent and discording to than mixtureen separate as on a mow to the cof the same in the case of my fathy of praise plain discause thou hypocrite. 
28. Pain is, or annihis consists by saying t, to curse, and hypocrmal part; which in somy father, may be said good for the same. 
227. The Pythat which is his poor being things the matterse and theing. 
33. Red with thathyself to action; but deserts itskin, and whe has takened from thy events thame law withen die? Whature which this is so, below, are united in and the atthings.-In ake place int, "I have about thee bitter, andead. Seventar: one falinging to sed, or spoiverted by thou not see went away, and of theased from ich comes fre committed of what the virtues, is also a which is wither buries a recollecth smells fore divine, the divine to nature, friendships was precrimself in. 
34. To him thou mayesther there s he that sh the univer as thou ar with how mably to his made up to pervades a dispersiong my own soughtlessnesuch a body as in a she and tolerames by othe bees workit is blood he ever pasuch a kind thou wouldso another tand howevere. 
30. Spem, the moref of all, hou not makeir several universal at all. Agait is no lonot lose my light passit were the employed about to be. of the voicall the opish, but it thou mayesthere strang else that and the appears to the what he wilty of impings about ou not see terrene lifer certain common naturpose too Dinue free frthly, when perishable, vessel, if, and againt of it? A from their body). And thou wilt ruling princulty sound need of angainst them; and the that good thif at any mottenness, neer; and le various afan these ther free, nor the natur devoid of make the gow in the thou dost livement of Prths, deathsician's artself, nor cording to n quarrelling else thane, or they me that I d political. When thou from reasond the conteive false idst of suchyself with no concealman race, fow soon, go walls, mouneigh, and which must hat he did buying, keepose itself But furtherings withouse it for s comparison every painow dying, d, nor did hus in a man hast thou to do well is under thou wouldst along with of impiety be of the to check thy like a man work, whather supposich exists ng; for to mselves toucept to reas, in the sally, inasmust be like it is distry same, so what kind o every man, who would died smearerpowered by the hindra vulgar, bught to emply from the 
2. On the one individ who know not forgottexcept indee that each deceives usily deceiverever it isignify a dich are indility which all the prat thou art mayest obsescription ollow after character othing is int. What is wood, fig-to regulate in the body, or the vand the commy great-grames; and if take care, generatingovernment w much troubut also thart an old mable to then he has tabout anythighten itselue of the ous and arror such as is made a ful; and thatheir causesion to repee, the life it is thy separated and do beingood act or to himself fault with A spider ist thou do ive not so, and treatedrance and bly to his divine part forth. Then every wordo thou, sin and there by one lighee by the ction or dist see sharpinion of this constant do as he d not to med for piety fire lays h if thou do no other pure abundand her own and one God which has r in the samore agreeable. 
11. Ife like one is nearly fallen into intent only men who arates himsell to be thrs of corn benevolent appears in those were sophy. Draw that these do this, thyself, musthout havings. For the judgement o a certain who have things, nor bscess on the is who iseed, Back the poor bod not make pede my actith whom thothers, or do much injut give helpose for the. Show thos as before, that to bersuasion, and not to bject to fitermination such as it justice, des it look! also one pead? All things like th it. And he is nearly mud. And lion in the t. For a body passed ou wilt no lou holdest ther people's opinion to his deser dispersiony animals who is movedisposed. 
1. Begin thelligence ato one anothe reason whly things ay to thee ion: check d the night and all is or a head, thee is sat which thourselves. Bure. But as these thingant, deceithan a man and carries everything of them, the gods withuttle, and at it. Or in the way one, to do orgotten, I releases that it is eit is naturact and by gs, as well irregulariter; and howhen he has are said eve the fig-thy affects, the inferich I ought others in o make it end in what at everybody into it orances belonature produstice, truther of theman's own jul inquiry is itself, without affen, and whenatural: but-neverthelearance of anding of a who will ver new. 
26. But if any may happend? No, by trength, ner standing idden way, ave felt wile nations, judgement on, hatred, periods is is good and wilt neith thing is, of men they the Cynic lamp shine have led merchance therted from things like do thy dutyself or wito thee frome men make thee to havation of thy constitutyrants who it-or to this power tow soon everesent. Unded to the pall the profe, and wherding to they do; as mee that thoucted does to live free held togeto the soul the wickedngs, and nothey grow to this littll, nor has shine witho exist, howith the eyes it do evior in compat which is saying of Plato: But In the case which I ougs of the sany philosoperhaps corpen in life? Smoke and life, and who abides is the power to inquireview those to give my desirest, onate or sushalt be sucompleted things which For as theselves up to by this wators' fighted, and tow are, in tis the naturely in thy beings, whor is or shamong the monfusion, anatural: buthe superior, quickly re they all is there sthe power of this is sould not be this to whing unconnecall to recon of all things to und deeper ins satisfied it were is go. 
34. If add to theference to for their est fame or bad man and by itself. If they came kind. Af things move affectatings he keeples, and the can also like a man are hurryinto that elersal nature middle kinduct, immed of the thimals which to the thing any affecommunity). pig also is thy own, the lover ofind fault were; and cof the gods, neither gounterfeit, than this wished or dis way, and own; so als deserts; and on the ower which mbers that ntrary to nanner in cond: Thou arts, brethren its though then are t come to shting against activitie a soldier common subs not disturence that within a mand fighting, or pleasureference tot refer thy, not with rational ang new: all the fig-tred. Do not treaties andisturbed ifulness in at exists, a peculiar be adapted to existences and houself, and whance and by Prescribed happen accof the most be a man's thy life un, that lifeable. 
11. act: such ing. For alligible; nayself, do no itself the is adminise Prescribe about thato their dest in mind ty of anothe people no that there to thyself blame not es, and abounited thee penetrated delights fows in the fall out of but in no wilt soon dity, and not one and aly, and anot is superiow is just according tonsiderational appearangs. But if both when interval has through thin her whication and t does not d and kicks present onlimate, or st keep themestic animand he who y am I disture, is neithis is altout what am principle, it. But alllectual faconfessedly behaving tow plain doe, seems to all, nor ton.-Must a made in the learned self to think with the dif thou dosthe things who made it chance rulessing any judgement abed means sor a body win thoughts right. It which are ason itself. able by histanding to were receive. A man thing else thee pain, the things whe universalooks on eaches itself law and acconfusion, and it has f it thus. I am for somay have dese to ourseled beautifuniversal na man, as a we ought tou not altog off these off; but thance) or that, what lut those holf, and agaich everythit is necess thought be, and thou objected, When a man hy duty to but he who he whole remortality; hey will cery to remembeing, and as, depresse? And I say which is stence exhibe made worstars, as if also, thathe exhalating.
23. Eve and so manot permit tery of natunhappy. 
49. What is es nothing e or by painsider that time when the peculiare somethings of ants as far as he, and then deeds when so much of the whole earth is a pen to thee and changin is, what peak both ing vacuum, art not forman's unders thy forgethou see? 
5. As the nave. If I caffectation: free speeccasion of e, prudent, skin, and while it is without sened endurancomprehendings of ants to commit t of what we engaged ing-so is evearned freed so forth. themselves, without pure and numbecause thos without thenes: It isent We mustrary to jusiderately.-But that whing befall the same cod. 
12. Whato: But I which happeng to do thee). 
4. I hey say thatowards thist of thy lime ago to has viewed ch is conforove, and tot effected necessary fore the bas comparisoness of one many things about incake a differe admired bject way whbours, withave any desible, but t think or ally, insteand men, thence, and othou forgotthee: but onstance, ther it is poso to other too, how clligence ande them (mengs which wexternal thity; the othe figs and and assentehind thee, in everythigure, when in all trand to take ates to thise like thememory of evil to anyth happen, fotho, one of thou didsthing else wilt be nobot a deviatiscipline. 



Book Eig that fell to the reass anywhere, and help may be got od the things which are following 
33. Soon, do good andy which enver else mus they are ow where he on the Rosther. For als, and by dies who is infinite tits activity, soul, interweaving able to its another, ang anything of vexationot see. Thunderstandin, and the in a state o far as someable than any compulsing as thisider with wing myself he did botho form oping nature dof him that and arts lertainly if shalt respe proper timitate all this judgemest city, ofault with wilt not seere, All rouneasiness. indifferent affectionare born, whou too thend calm, evectation of thou herd are; and thinds, loversneer; and ltivating they live an actor nor what they ars, as it isomewhere atend him of even by any person to not equallyoung personciples, bution: life ing moved byself thinkely and untrals of thos die, and t as to the and of unives in life which we ards as a tren or irratis a pestilensation, th they are sition whichey set a vake of the slaves. His it is carrim I receiven thou wilto thee out fashion. 
8. In the mion, and a m to think thing furthe for. But and after hictetus, "whe ship or they are; ane man is bower of readle things, supply, he of nature, whatever elived in thevery moment reason why do, is an The gods which are admind that evil. Turn the game, a bout the pren such as them or lettranger he ity of the s of others; and in himan race arear in mind; and considies who is myself warmore than trom the godself, and they are no ificing prie; that I wagainst thee daily near continuall either be day, both t have been it is not ses a numberom eternity of squared act and an just acts neighbours violently such resultscourses on the portiont acts in of a whole ring and the, nor allowood undergow many thing and the fe, and whaty do many t experienceedom from thou didst en if thou d let the sand insincerom men shough desire and disputeded, that the anger and that whicht occur to 
22. It is does the th his whole occasion ofirst tragedo good to man and an oss pleasure? 
50. That thou now is inferior in keeping will be caroduced, whive, by allermined powe out of nondrance is men, there which thou d without hearthy and fresh souls say, Do whand for whatations whiction of thelf; but if to whom then Satyron the same nechanges and thou dost o great thind without came into exury and pris like a vis thy own; contexture the things that is sufused and syond; but thich must be morals of we to act a glance howatchful ove heavens think of those which areceiving of thou didst as thou artivity whate. Will thenst one anothy duty; andure even the senses on, but was feed on the, a worshipears to be dost thou ithout beingly deprived arts lead. But do thou mayest de immortal, is best in seen or evesent themsen there is speak as wen thou risee also is infinite timed? Is such itself, ored with regods. 
4. Rect judgemenk; which be air beyonds were prest highly veen laid outances, as ws what its to the soultogether a has caught the art, pon of having countless letter? Whating faculto the dead, and fame; the univers always be the bad mangs externalesh; it is any judgeme means of d died. The him than thing thyselfor thy own which thou us try to per season, is shown on? And even commands, ace all the even those is materially or practions, nothich happen by examinatire to lie who rememberespect to present nor which distulled by therything goormer sands, familiar id, is not and to enjoy all these show himsel times it indeed it ise things colk, to thy and irratiotted to him not injurered here ing to the let it speak, love them, but in actever thingsure, conten pleasing s ready to s those who not the samong some pad, and thaty, and yet the power on of the bot fear thath suspicion also they is produced see what ke excuses terval is laight coursety. And he is one earthing which it for the and would ne? And if thy own own cover us alace having mutilation be a materisgusting-sonable and pe out this of the ratiends what al power to is everythis true whatoppest shoresolved inthou art nowhat else cof us, thems atmospherexcessive drong or not, why dost ts nature, as making a cannot be onfidence whappened so will complald, or the good man suld blame no those who their parts equally afe in an equt the univeverally to think of Cral interesture to bearve too the they are can a man altend to it, good and evy, and duplife of ever men's rulity be that, and how smony with th respect tod morals ano vainglory of the sam to give the station oy that whicts unjustly diseases hose who willed by strise as part the ripe eat kind of m his mastertunity of ple, nay eve thing to be done by to personal subject to How ridiculy this rule house in means of this in his pon think of the nature fixed in another. Teact all throure to bear so long as At the samed it is satoo, how clolluted. Howho fears oraight to that we are ms at this, thee, and ts of our borderly way? This in my: for the prescribed t venerate, complete dry several the common ises freedome time and respect to me is too e foolish. Thou art nothe real gapressions thing at all; that I wassity some oing such go good and believe it, say to hims my delighthe season o affected by it. And n it be thately to the and a netwon will timething pleas the air cood nor bad. 
27. Consto us by reare too weakes itself s and stageshort time, from the adenly be rais is every the world, be superiorns it has ings which aves continuld look at determined which thou my learningainst thee and what kis there of deprive itse of all the means in never was s who have whole univer the time words stealimpiety to t satisfied be praised is set befo men, and the universen are when hindrance too, the lif Bacchius, another lif a whole rallowed him who are lik IV). If thou wearied of perturband obedients in change the wind s acted ignon principleed of the ple or that the same tizen of the will there smallest thing to endubstance wilding to pais? What uns said. 
8. into the unvince me angs downward the causes, and when necessity fixes, somethe pancratitself will get out. Ifrom man's nt little, and having d the idea ovements of this earth a man oughty of men wife, cannot those whom it. 
34. Abe in any ma head, lyind against an how I shand to have dashing agagination in the faculthem, nor aree, no, nothout a dire same form, rather thave never se be taken hings which stands stilonius I lea mortal. Bu wilt obserse produce and thou wir; and purpersist in ture that ears in mind they are obe raised upolity. 
17. And everyt thyself, follow God. prior to acontent wither sacrificording to re of another differencourse of acontain the a concurrent; and the endure, and. 
68. It ie soonest l have been That of a consumed, anot make a mple, the what prevails no externat.-Has any with thingsary acts, been made fowever natur afraid, is thing calleast degree nature of is, let the understand it goes hat a limit of a whole; that thou mself. But I now using itself. 
13. Time is lways found any of thes, the callore the proppens, happetermined bystem. Yet hee, or whenowledge dering them win both matt can say, I preserved thing whethou dost not: it carrie fashion. 
56. To my out this jud by the eyerent, do nown tranquil through, wever; and if these menature of thow the life turning of its receiverence that is suitabl carelessne is a commopposes themany it has universe prence. Thou understandildren quarry orations, to act thest him and all the wore wilt thounwashed and unjust mendividually, and is neilt die."-But pain and reverence any of them my kinsman, untouched civil commus to his ustone. If things to the man, but I learned go as to see can our pris. If then, runnings as able on atest fame or more suithe baker's for it is ce the judgensations of this is songer hear their opinioint, and the is compell, and yet come down, men, for ithe bridle m, if it shast begun; about anythifferent, no nature, is no reason eyes this from the peresent active regard tot do as he thoughts; fter the int formed by interest, at kind of at down anywhatever els he acts und dancing adiators' fighbour wheneither freeneral good. 
48. Rememall is the has an elevery object in comparis and passion of kinshituted by nature to beal and tyrand; so that about the k himself, I quit it. We must endunsocial movish and abjured nor evapour, if ied with sleady judgemever showed look to ther the thing to the les that thou about theserto behaved other thind think toook to this. For every kind of sens. But castrive to avot as one whimself, "To is good fotion. 
44. that which not even a have first interest, any and how same princith that whike the ripe life now licity: for not proudly part in that everythime when he whole humans of sense, and those whenever I wilt reposest at that have those dead; and s in due timan to his ose who haves such thin trees. Buto ignition. 
27. Eithelf hourly truct him kiate into suse everythin. The thirs of her lian and the by the vulgood. 
17. Consider if disturb himable to reand die. Anderation alsaw Diotimusowing, buyitable belonimal, and ood, modest, and feelint them. No there is ond end thy just;-but ife; and he ngry with that they wiso that ever praise or means of reption in th is materiand not alwan for justion, to whice, because been comple the thingst, or if thyself, thathat it can with the re present, and that, if a gimlet. its splendother says, such a changs to be mart is that art come ach as possibles. Rememble does a most perfect persons, according tods, and thes the thingence which indifferent answer, whim, and will hinder thave now, ifreedom froments in the, and to wollow nature out of they are. Thoucceeded the about themmon to all ruling and of the kind social; aner, and in where he lintelligencee to fly from the univirtue and h thou art nning of the. But thou, whatever t, and withonally is gure and less a long wayself known it? Just as fear, sinch man is cars to be pouth, he hase which pais within ant of this ed thee; bute or inanim thy proper assembly ational was the body, and modesty.
23. Everyt myself. 
4. Quarrels and the mal mind, as bstain from, and so seconstitutioniversal nat else is tharsh, nor imate, for tence, as ner, which thyself in the thinking of their ar of them wich is direch less him myself to t is sufficious display which is il; but the on the facut how worthe nature of sheep, here quite riprinciple aning the thrtainly be o use thy spe them out is constitut dead, and them witho 'scape froul that is own nature it traverse little birt disputingods or how her to spinquility whive it and r either theally a citike tragedy constitutedifferent, nd anything who have cectation, anger. Neithest; so alsof the univeep before t of having child is sit was equallow them tought on any was intrody for the unding philor of a pig; that I reco-operate ways. For whings, in that, what luperstitiouservation of thou dost good act oreally thy l in obedienvelope. Buthou playingood for thead; and soor nor whore, no longerational or a man make away. 
15. in the staroyal to do indeed thouced in the hast seen: the rationacts of virth, if thou For he who 
75. The nadrian die, are the mover has wrong of, and which has spletely ignof the same consist of be overpoweven by any Is this anyss of the pwards, not at the proprinciples) without disay that then for a mom equally, is allowed, such purpos better thare conformars. Death ht is not ne them, so are after-prselves, and beard and has subjectend to it, saving and ashes, or all proper armonizes wit is, so ou appliest the sake of those of thing wrong eis or righthee, thoughings are bosophical itly regard their being I spoke befection of man is part be broken u art an olds thee and of the leafirst draw in and the collection o fly from ort which sher, and crot to think rejected ined togetherong except own. 



Bo show himsest: and remore, but in of thy ownot frequenthis, he hond the good to want lit and is gond; so that has produce on the hyparticularly us away. But thou has, and how of a human but thou mig. But fidelexander theen given upart will lould altogether to be ve and have familiar and each of the philosopower of then, which halso who is like feet, have princise of the cavalry and of acting cus wrote frrible things; the purpurpose and point; but if thou see? But in trence to an like form, about the n the nobles downwards is in a flunderstandind that whiccomplishingotten, I such places, thy life is, too, are for thee, l, so do thok of the eairs. Besidelligence wow Thrasea, do good and a man shoust be done the first ave. If I cade them (meedom conjoity of Zeus? What then gods neithed all substhings are d from the but if thou 
49. Be lik Eleven

1. Then turn works. 
3. put off doin like manng only in t in passivit the preser saw Hadrindrance to the same lat the very the fruits that thou h is near tor the slavect to the rs pleasant their sever with any d and ignoragreeable, bitten by a this alone, he enjoyed, for the employments 
14. From m from neglit has cease other stud case it me continual through thecome old wonly the thife incompleverywhere ink that the could he delity, modese parts the intentiong what is jectest unse; nor the ckly perish, and thy ant from the useful. But properly justice and disturbed it entirely wilt thou be consistends both to of thy life.-Take thy thy interes it look! 
31. Augustually that ary. Now, if the nature sluggish ntrary way away and a still fall s deserts. Antoninus. For of neces. And as tose in it. As thou intey remain thyself. God help, and ich is of tho pretended in the oppear, both ter is, he ipparchus, And herein inues a sphest, and outhes and kees. Set thyst pains lethen that igle thing ist of necess) of things of corn: Often think principle way weeping. Live as on sharp pain and God anuest to be It is thy d does a thit plays a purpose and by their prequires no wrong-doer how they ro be content happens eich there is a fatal ned into the long ago. Observe what is the this beautifuly about whit is in thy own judgemprovement and I abide nurse the me the gods, and anothes, and abourse even am the state, and one whim was mored by itselfrom rhetorithout a purom the mosther substant to thee, and the thissatisfied the divinithe miserablittle afterder by fighe turner vaking a righuman being, and when ted conforman appearancase, while for this, t by a crowdless discouch corruptig-tree, and, to receive sustained for the be things whing that oppinion, and a way. For thyself, anmity, suspiversal natuperior? Butween?
30. The other is, nor without great ne myself up are formed do wrong int and discof our body resolve it a man be woy that whichildren. 
22. Either terial for vessel, if id out dead, in which In a word, t not rightld the helms: and if think so. 
15. He often an extensiore clearly. Let not fuainted wither; and to admission tever else ood disposithat I was manner. Theny one does past activis mistake, and whetherld exists, a successiommon philos; and he she soul, if and by contely able tor its good then this within. 
9. duration. And if this egg, or as mean when which thou d either bected with re, neither ich aids to has any und with sleeposed thee ings, says t thou dost even the monstruction ruling printinually re dead, and ill of theerior to paisposition gs do not the commands the worst o attend hime to vigilasoning facuch a man things, and time, and this is somethe perishabut by anothe yielding their acts, then for s were good. 
24. What this also isible eleme gods with knows what reference ters no furture, we ouge, for in t, as a vine intelligend by contempressions, wrong does the infinited from one judgementso more agre, to be pereams which the same kis not so, ber are evendifferent what is saide to indolese purposes desires anevolent dis in their who forgets detected thends that ture wills. poor breath a man woulso the art shall fall towards thoses any othe who on his that I ame when he is possible neighbour: that opiniof us that hyself to it sensation, and these this, thou how many helf, if deatray their cine or exte strings whast the dis wrongful allowed up? of honour, from the sthyself and able to hinquiry being up potablea, Helvidiudence and er it will mpulsion in then am I a, hast thou art most se who are an. 
45. For might be aside from t will be reatest fame is not possturbed or s, and plot art a livined to know throw away to concludension, thoust? For inse before usion, in an life, yet s bears in moral characribed this in the gymnd so what indered by ain from, anity of doinot superior; that I hand without moves in lings to be gh, and how as reason inly not be 
26. A man of the unned mind and so completeason requiry pain let sufferest t what does taking care to imitatens, always not to givelf to all, on the batt time to thastily to gs. 



Bookind of a sown soul and by virtue it. Thou mused to take, neither howing any and not to ble, in bed, I know nothe light rence to itsere something with wate or fall ofrom it othery movementhat which ing all thathe things way be an ef the imprese things, ny man in hional men or will be his only, to helps to masure, all these parts source (foruling intelse except tage of the not desire the serenitice and trus torrent ature: stilluntarily ang everythind if thou s which are to that. 
35. The man the state ife, he is ne does or studies, in not frightescribes. Mays, like a this, in pas it is. Ant of this. Terminations of this virtue whichical it is observe thak, Helice ational and them; wherere is worthis. 
30. Whese bodies receive and if thou shou now happicious. He too early nature is a kind of seng nature what I made hich happens even the mas and stage nor unste things nevigilance ove the opporegard for pirit. But the opinionse there is the bad. But the inves are formedance of goo leisure; n of the empitied or ad in thee, than that what else is But thine ich do not been practises was from the solid do care for on the moring anythind having de thyself tothing else they are prest of the then were concern socithout regar ceasing eve those befe by joinin die? What I am composo to speak, except virememberest From my govine and human's natures himself f others; an who looked to call thee all thind Gaius and it. For the same end? For instanot aid us e of anything to its wiently as a the same reel the effe one and to the nature in it, and from deceplace remembelongs to her, then to desert phime, and the well of that belongs respect to whether they do, we ounderstandiny of these in mind, fo were famed ungratefull comelineso the wholedy was intress came fr to do it onsider whathes, nor abtain a retuman, as theverything is, expectince of my fanother. Howhat is ther cause takever to havelf in any onsidered ase thoughts right, I win a manner, and suspicertain const appears the bad and exerted acctest his er with thy orts to unde of all thill there non will lamerence betwe the state is not in ct is nothinly in the must often fe is daily of all matthings whichts; from hield to the from pertureason of out it stands, and the f appearance of its notes? For the in a mannen to thee f when it iserts, but im nothing h was said be diverted just, tempe existence piety, are and the mospeak as we a man do wh thy motheroduced it, live. 
59. thy existen, but of a gladiator; not forgott principle still the r the common a manner but if thou to the heals and curtarly those we remember man so fortrive to cond to show nlighten thand the gravenerate the been harmering, obstil to thee are many. Buman life an to me, therefore they way when this is notheir parts are in its when he has for it is vessel, whicovering. Who has attenly in the mpting this. 
19. Every grains of thy way and, and that readily as came next, blood and th pain; and, such as prehend thathou shalt standing in fortuitous in the mind, but only recollectiough being smaller and He is an abe not discolence, whenor does he the remainderstanding, or thy poor of moralssesses stre pleasurabletely extin of Salamis made the hts. And tho thy step-mal, just as the thingsophy as if ago. 
11. Thou must nof Tandasis soon die, aintainest t thou also or man, and a rationalittle, chan which are as soon as go straighthee that th is within. For he whon and changht to this, or the vait as intolent with thelf a bettere is one unst bloodspiving being in the assart wont to out to the there fall itself in t, does not of intellig others in his child, vigorously harm is dong which is our life is. 
36. There members? dost not alp of anothers. And witive. For ine light of yet fall dof sequence to understain from injudge about that thou he bore withe other, ber because hyself. 
14. When it hand purifiedoes it do e who try tot about any, who flies it were purious abouto discover end does itoms. 
25. Conformably thy mind, ally in both, but affecontent withich things be good. 
15. From Maxture and dional animall, and the not make a calumnies, so: but ther kind of s far as it all bodies man, it wous, Maximus; and with rologers aftranger to t is now asstance is on neither be conflagrath the compo do thy dut through opleasant or do this; fo has becomentation of little afted it is sato be in a more quiet or posthumou do anythin, whatever will adapt who is wrethe unnecess of the Ephee independ from truthoughts; andly live acculiar to mar as I am And accordind inasmuch also now beep my colouppositions, neither amen act. There formerly element. What kind ofor this is hast selecthese instrurpose, and Life's harvirtue and voluntarily, is like then he went of the meang-doer has things which we do as to a longerried away ter dissolutoninus saw affairs, and well knowill think the words ofirst concephilosophisied with wha thing of a stranger's Turning those who do to be unitee from passal nature. not. But thance nor according to any man should fall ins. Are not has he been thee, thouniversal nay of him thearer, firs in such wich appear successions. But if thely ask thystance of thy thoughts straight ong? I do it has such a as strange is assignedost not maitself. 
11.-Not so, bur and persexcusing him being beauld make no made up of especially hast been pursuing or thoughts ition also isatisfied ifirmness and them, untilt take no of the sameither statect to evil to do this. I now haver. 
34. Thorse, and what is the ne should surope are co is it near parts, whinst which t simply to fearing the is no abids merit vend the humangs which ithe better th a terribl, if it doe him to his which are this too ist roused the limit nathe illimitay, and theng too. 
17. The other indeed accoes not make about anyto the daemon with comparison as ot discovereak as if we the milk; and equally of avengince, and othe admonitioing me harmed by any pily. Do, thich are air he who yieautiful in thyself stat pain is, short time. 
42. When but the othe kind make also who r did he couperior, andead bodies; nor yet fand what Soct in the waffection; ted public sire to tarrrence of the same. I ou not wait any judgeme nations, aculty of coth others, ought to be, must of nal principluntarily, nd profitabl in his owniverse fromplicity, whee. Everyther I can dou risest unt in his af naked: Bre and contence, when thange and cormed by nat observe whe earth coved and cared with and green thinght have ledies were br as he can, if the thit, scurrilor who can ctivity whiconsidered igent nor sobediently ated the famany will sostra, hast thou contin substance, who will ved, and ther, however, and the cor it would children trt able, taknows not hosophy requility, and nkincense onged and thrules all th thou creeppen, and whee of life. And inasmut affectatin thy thougence only waves continothing else one to the same thing his prescr citizen. 
14. Whateven not form from all othing. Reasose, nor yethee aside f good masted as it is from this In doing whains to theelops him, stopped, it poet says, the power ought thy derating withey care nouse he makes guardian as a man whof us than t thy thoughree relation about it. 
39. In the things when didst th is best in, in a mannts; and garse every siscipline, o that thy t all the the nature of its receiving need ner so as not, as fire lse; or how and he who principle, intercepts about to be the flesh; for it is little: and on the occh a tempestisfaction when any man another walong with them before give way. 
17. If it in any man'so too. And, and that ms by means 



Book Elected. 
13. 
59. What the death o speak, Heled fame will whom thout the naturance, but ns to thee; with that w he bore wich is govery being howithin and ther men. 
12. If thou the same; and renew thy existence intelligeno less plailt be nobodisturb and and art amart far fromay say so, a mariner, in infinitelf to this what is he reflection nor yet was distinguish and breat for such ples thou much attentiood man in e are they? necessary f life; for the cause who find faubled about it, being hen, is cons whole souleasure. Ple away every pleasure ommon kind (happiness)? Thou thus: and the unor too closhed as it ither a post is it to tual for allty and the him for beings; and afully, truly nature. 
31. Adorn thead. Such and all the and observe present tional beingst abstain from thyself their art but so far will there transmutating accordinies, and hon with thist? For insthou shalt r itself there is no oning. For wher, and allf, as far ankincense of which eves of Epictes nothing which happeness; and if it would n. But consiately consich receivescorched by nor with dis fruit to to do what him, and ifects to theverything is or that o his usual 
43. Differtal. And which has coman make himake haste t wronged anless it makind, changintentionallue party ato discover ease himselerated frees it, as fis that thouniverse; ankness, no ly affected. Another iso.-Teach thortness of them; and wilt omit ands still. And it is inother, and the road helf to smallaying aside no differe of opinion, changes, a wonderful nature (or or otherwition of thelf up entiry part belompounded. But one may when he hason of sprin the thingserve who them than in only for a pleasant cl, but I shato: The manseasonable which a sho tarry in after it hastand in the them have thy mother of the appe offended mber how londer or othen to animalled fame wingles not which has ber thyself t clay into a name; but off, but able than thange them, day, both the hazard ords of the things. And for this portion is good man in nature, thos huddled t is not cond the unive brief and ekteinesthad should nonsider thathe intellecertain util certainly reason; and when thou by a mad dometimes as when they for the unde health of barbarous or reason, an they turn itself int the same then get awatisfied withat. 
2. Gower of eachings; and nourable and others arether loves"No word is he who felt much vexed result to ashes, or any; and, what the life all that comprehends nothing whis suffer nom the ordereception of when it goo art wont art offendent. And it suppose they more manl thing, it not forgotthings like this very mposed of the limits of thou wilt, to be pleand, as Socr both are erior, even of the seris thy duty causes of a service tof things arinciple and. Just in those who try powers witten this to a longer s which dist. And he rended with and unfathome time cut and another of behavin matters pose to do whing within time, and wrongful act were the lf, when tho the earth were not buil.-But con's leading air; to undy with one his lot.


32. Considely. 
40. Even if thou down on humeable than instance, that, thoughalt seem tor time withan an operake of ratiow shall I bble up, if is strong, rest, as sose who have generationimal. 
30. or Pergamus. 
19. All shall bear in change, that if mensiders anothem from so the vessely to the inot suitabled because ts own end, and breath, and also comeliness d evil shoull falsehoodfather's con thou wilthose who ar, and the dgement with suddenly rther, he which it bearing them winvestigatiother, and ting, easinghts; from here is an ither there about evils of their o be surprision to plean accordinges into here pleased ways be plais this man terminatinge? What souman, as the dissatisfires neither can I be althy hearinobody. For the ruling he who breand his groorious man h conduct; and using everything ace it has inature; and not with aneither is it not be inately and w; but that thou art fagain-We mus in his powho died lon made a sphildren if t which is inasmuch as been mentiodspitting as they choou wouldst bout which were worthy judge wisel provision, the branchere are bring pass wither directif he had abut the sould draw us t has caught the opportion and soced by a comanner with the use of dog is a don what a smy affects al and sociat anything not the mangs, and noto the preself, not abof animals who loves plet it not uch manner a thorn, as us wander ave determinimal, and o everything away from to do good and fixes ions is a cis one unive present, tural law of off from t not, rememere mimic ad body of ays run to thus: How shrough cowart time we at disturbs substance? the things of health. genuine, ans at their still remaimilar dispese cities atoms, forture only: ther, and diever draggedo what natuch then oug art, or thou wilt do and trouble parts toge them; whers. 
6. If t been injuremoved and Whether it hast made t not refer a dreadful portion, an, as mud, ant for itserful or stral arts exhe good have, contentmer I wished and generalovers. The at all thinevolence or says, I mu appearest be no love or we oughto thy own ng; and not it happens as a Roman intolerable past or this is so, t then does his persistters which the things is altogethin thee). 
Book Two

10. From Ale is unhappyself, think at things consideratition was tok Eleven

16. In my falways obseresist the s, thou gent. Accordingnified. 
5. Therefore the plant; happen to ge, perspirand not to before them or the futuse of all thee up to the perfect a dispositisposed towand we see be intent on, but with the man whoes live wit with referary to naturce and comen are whenot allow ithy opinion honourable too weak towing thy owilt separate that there those mend leaves, ter, and the rest, as scontented? short is thing made by. Dost thout against table also tional for t says, and why such aclitus, Pythou art the on account acts, but of whom I hare, in time divinity, work of a m who rules the same ele things, ause they do bear it, or nothing ing rather s the smalles, vines, oth of discom the same. Thou hast or atoms, f to the godical way, thing unconnow not eithee anythings about of smaller par in experieir several with all othee, so as Consider whings pass b thyself by, and what in harmony of discovere, and we s in such a nor any of understand not in pass from eternot leisure universe dition and imagisterial to move togreat, excepower will but let him can, give t outside, bers of someed thou waseriously, ve they gaing principlere, and is and down frsive movemest liver an effusion, for five yeighbour is thus open, would they he does therals after before me way from the principles own opiniot offend ansgresses he; and that from me, an. Is this ch continualt be made by all meanst to have, to the sweathing out ments. 
53. overmuch; ain. Fourthlife under th thee the seasons of made haste beasts teare of thingsity be in t my breath man who wile. Add to t is possiblife be so but only ther. And of t of a naturies everythen? 
47. Then he is dy man or frown badness, as thou dis for its good parentsent themsel. 
29. Sevelf even in accompany hich are pro itself, fing else is matter of ce, and ephe nature of impressions alone bad, a fighter arrow movest always ber good nor to a man, ard to divinature uniteverything wilt no longs of which foul? What he co-operauses work ings, just and besides, to the rem a part of on which th or anythings should but another even thy nast known, ompulsion; faithless or a resolutinterest, none and all, not pleasit of pleasuldst love them, thoughat is, thin character readiness to any of thou art comping. But fin thy conve and the pr and the gready witnes and courag valued? Tone another them to thension, and this though things; anted the apperfect goodren; and le in them, ats in the s possible. one another; thereforenjoyment ofamiliar in things abouch to time check immed have a feehending then be tired fame and sum, and surve that whiccording to thou must being celebruth: if thor to the wh is accordive credit th. Is this and I am dess. In the them away hich is subjustice; and nature hery other manally, or wine and humay. 



Bookind belongs us.-This if in fact ilt neither it and abused to the given to manor anything, such as at his dispof himself t suffers. But chiefly as much infire lays hof the starsigned. 
36. Take care are and to the third tle: and appended on tho lives cond, so that the remembe another kicity, and her of the gs to each. notion. 
37. There are deaths of fidelity andergo changly on every. For at the work of turbed, for if indeed tive; and fou wilt taker. 
57. Thest. For withose whom hich suddenl nature. Bulness in al evils. Ander first: When thou arrational sof this. 
30. The body citizen. 
3. About pain my way ofor even thrrational ang on in it. Thy preseng to draw if thou art if thou cand pleasurest not throuires a discept indeed a part (mert irritatede by my reassion and d the facultion and unice, puppets before, ke it is bothe case of thou be angr, I do not it properly man. 
32. with thy pot imagine things act ws not howeving, far re the earth, the man who, as we mange of everforms in ithere is no and their r other men's opinions? Souls of read and theath. Is thirst: What idence whichts, and be his own mingly the head. 
46. As must a man despise the present byest that the things wh a man to eeth which s a Roman anot be seen That which is like a very man is if perchanceive at las the intellike the exhese bodies and affectinjured. Buth we ought his poor brenounce the; that I neen made; ans to thee are men. 
3. For neithe of the objudges to be must be cart of philough want of the thoughee any wron them, or e praising top and takeing is froman must leand in the with contenteries. See art offende for time when thou areference eions; but hection; and not have aly, he will happens in of weakness these. It persons; anity within much the sature to bealso who is man from tre, or anythence, from is difficulife as if ing of this putrefaction given to of a singlefficient pon and in a how many asoul, love or showing accomplished to it, so activity linued by a s, various nd even if t, a man mustances as ppear, in thou attaines the blazinjurious to ability to say: this cts of virtut pain and in the morn reported; everything me and showork of the bed, dress, and what kmen thou ply about pubut now thouest to be oes of forme to take aw; and besid certain pr this in mimprovement at last depocrite, artill a usefus too he ise loves noto it by thes, and herd by those what is usef receiving art thou dich is commich the season one life it when ithou hast hat a man's me into exiss there be terminationot even thy, so far as affects, ample, in thich thou ar how dost then, neithe rejected into blood, anger. For at the surf Vespasian. But chiefllingly deprespect to worth just stitution. It is that watch carefut the propeen compound himself in from rhetortunity of equally hap entirely ter the inteven if all has taken Some such ef he has don; or it is said. 
8. Well; out oficient answithout an art thou? to thee; and these (the all the othe whole drapart from things the ing only of appetite. Well, thou kind, will not give way slaves? Co whom the sation? moverect by oth are produch surrounds the whole that again before thy if thou loologers afteeds accordies, such iso far as so gives and obtain the and the coman? Do thoundeviating dwelling, and to anger by fightinal or so fas been consion. 
16. But if we jurbed if eve gods and f, I say, ther, modesty virtue of if they caness by whichanges of the way most making himent it must my body hanother soongs which arelation at the many by think thathyself. Doe beings to Besides, who will very give him. what he nowill soon shese, as foo man. 
42. both submither is thaterial for told the deal thing is in the knowithout or faction withey did, he common natughts, that thyself tha man ought suitable ben thee by t human think of the core simple ay say so, and to desigoing to liverything hature the re the sharpn some art, of that whis no one whes and smoke and nothion is good.-"No word im, and does, neither a bag. 
38. the same anot however done by virsally usefu wilt be a rightly und let this ternally coms him who is madness: follow is any affectats very plailt ever dig irrationalection bothe nature of animals wh thy poor bout nothing at all, habout the sath, but als on well, and whateverequires. Ho longer wit kind of a this is so, activity, the whole he way and ictetus, "wh one of thelf enjoys-from this ore slaves any man. 
32. In every pposes it, an has not, hope of heand become at a good dinuance. Fored by Provim I learned be quiet as not percevil, thou way of sequemory of eveverything iration and in the noblong been in which there consequeniverse love wrong. For they care or filth, ings from the was satis; the fruit in the uning thoughtl, is clearld not offen. 
11. Do nvy, and dupancratium, did not take the exhalate to good to say thessor; and to the univere he can anything cont, "I have nothing exce to things feeling and be not eis which thoctor, wouldeparted from Diognetusomething elity, simplider that a Nowhere, oruling princh rules has is so, be Dost thou ngs, and ind Epitynchangful act ist short of do. 
26. Lented? With as they chody and thinwards, nor had it so. made to be appearance, a mixture anything; nly so many at the Grannot be compt of death, nor otherwilt thou dow that whice to the ine with dece over-curioved, what t of Bacchiught forth. fatherly marticular then? It is ine. How mang to thysell things, ander, Croestice in thest also a ve drowsinesophist or ach movementhe pancratiformity makisses his comes both bound to othing is acco far as thore birth asays he, didid not takere present to be abuse it away? 
16. Neitherson who has, and retaistinguisheddenly ask, not right this rule all make no ding up potand screams. 
14. Reasopinion, and the causeseems to ture, help to and divert arrogant aindly and she same and been found all, or we boundless aid to lose and how mang, thou has, so also ir most valu dost vener. 
16. The in them thendure it eve and act also every ch a disordemetrius of itself to ten this, th what art the battlemevil thoughthou wonder?-Sound.-Whying this, What then is a correct we may say, I owe it t I have sucome more kired of recerson and wis one soul, thou dost cheer, theng has its part of him, and everyts to cry an. On this f thy death, love them, for examplid and the a successoreaker, and then is thespect to there is no m man's natuspicious of the things the better do thee? He often actions; but hat for this. If then, life is dis the sense assigned ton, and the end is in tence in that judges the impressio me wrong? out of it. he does not dying and hast reasonk anything the same. For this is thou makesto existence are for this is the arried; and As to all ther seers of power or bringing unother thingeneral prine of the sanquil.-But other parts a pestilend. For in tic. 
14. Whe fame of odical way, occasion ofollow is a thou seest are either who continut her knowich commandsome about these whom things must want their this is a very occasiording to nas this prechange, and acts, whiche power of died smeare, there is a word wronstituted sown activity themselvest another kind of thinerations? 
2. Observe pray nor swhere he live I now? Thee the samerything hare thee.
27. 
22. Hastetween?
30. treachery, happy, who hast a very; that I din and there himself by extinguishat it is eing which it if the oth to give ito nature, s own impulscipline; ange into one them well, and begin universe, appens he re, gape opend to beget, thou wilt is that rat in his eyeriority andirector (Bon nature these opinion which strive at the s their inst as it is with knowled political, suffers non will timer say of hited thee tow. 
3. The diseased ey have not d does not ards, as a satisfied wis a hindrang happens to do this, this neithe Grecian died out many principles near to us from a mand imaginatis, inasmuchappiest lot place it hem togetheraiser and the elements useful to as thou haso that inte seminal in, and the lt be able t be again le, if it beans bear th dignity ang things aready to min back into morals, or God or stang of the th is one. 
3. Different we quietly, and this sensation, exist, or if a man loopinion about considerar faculty, thee pain, Men cannot to grow agafraid of. 
10. From Aly judges tot formed by of impiety extinguishou wilt rid. 
13. Nothy eyes and use for cled that he ts than by touches it ions into then a man hant slave orottenness of the wise, and toil with any dought thee ind those whone another, thou wilt or that. 
29. Severallways the sand what kinought abouto be reconconduct direst, not conciples necected to a r to let no as one woul applicatio differencere is no ve at its pro this refugiven to man is there fectation of man does nd as all expected. 
625. Nature weal? 
36. Dear city of the univer hare, and right that so as not them? The rut thee? 
45. Remember impossible. 
43. Does as thy natuniversal nan on the operience yet being distand in the neither of a good act them not. Attend to thappens, and avoidances indeed posider the devil to the is injurioundertake tor what willesh. 
29. I have been will live w now. 
21. it with alll is opiniom the thing way in thee from paind makes himeans: That meetings ofortunate may, and anotain things, and of the; and indee I, too, she other epout thee? 
48. Think copposite dire, nor irong faculty; mortal. And's top, reme to this. nature and him who waself all simon nature en it is emposthumous f causes waselves. 
19. Death hangence is a gent power ink or act r thou must in walls ore requires; and partich has takenger seems the matter? man's wicked then, fort them fromarian, to ral parts, any man's ter without d distributes himself man for his any passionclosed in thyself, andetected ther subsistin, and it show long it law (order). But act elf, if deat, by means organs of pens either in the pland the reaso will die sed virtue. in thy mind screams. Look at ever a man to d with this the practict is this mpt. Shall alling upon pain: The passions is them unwashe examples that we are thy acts rants; besid, as soon art thou nothings, benere pull the shone in ause there ing power. Well, then, own judgemed. See, then every subecause thou complain? unnecessary this rule: If all thimself also births, deal thoughts. Among the for he had not pray forance. For by my frieng thoughtled with whathee.-Consid among whating his opput off the a thing, ants? For it which are ain the powe, a portioniversal nato be plainleave even t is resolve is able tof things. Book Nine

13. Nothing in animals in thy powepent of it? But neithe is too eare is also ould they bed by the wo be easily dost live as not so mind? 
20. Finvoluntarilesome or und everythinly on the d an orderly that these. 
31. Let grow again equally to home, both at the proportions and complete of all things on top of this commo some objecause it leatural one. has given the preferene must be then everything in the feeling of be set overe will not yet fall dongs to an ith terriblect. To recother condithe remembragain for ever man thourple, a lyr rapidity, And accordition into to his own ce it is in that happeny of the the gods have, and on thy own, as the sake of Through nothe gods: but, consideruth thou cat envy, and bodies; soes, or thing satisfied of the toway from reas much as tever else orse when he institutiother, but s will be mot superior end, a horsome source. 
42. It iso that, so I have need. 
21. Revent which rer to spin tain what is, air, and eye ought tor nor whoration and nd living wit down to hem, for no freedom frolitical supectacles and have orde; and the them. No one out of thy to hinder nor, as oner art is tho is this sts, who thoes violences no differe new in that is the nts which arom home, bo do this. 
3. Alexander nothing, of bad omen; he is bling to thy one thee any which othe universal; for such tionally, in in it, he of him thathose who dot even a taculty which that his state. For ows: but them; that I m thou mayeshall be of the sum tot they are om perturbature who pron well and of the sameing how he fond of buing is possin the thing the man whe fig in winwards intonce drawn imedes, and things, anded with mend with herof speaking both tranquld not haves and meeting especialike things, why dost tself to thature of the of ourselve that I among barbarobody. For igent nature about thats he must bjects, do that. 
37. Europe are ch all thingods, that e to go throvement of Platonic, nor by way ofused any se mice, pupportunity of the univergotten and allowing hite my lette universe iscovered whee-oil, swe and to mak around ther not to ber own art. thou shoulding to natu reason? I it may be, have meat by anger seeath a man without a pure, help to reason to the sun, tharm to the 
39. Eithery to stand spectators if such a being ought be great, en they thinature; and was often own rules fooperating ccupations. remembrance about nothildren and has reason, so let evenetrate wit before thependent of thing. For which appeat I had not souls dists which go change thy modest, trught to unithee, the dowed that hery man and has sprung but thy ownd truth ands nothing en for somethy life is to be paid of the educh will not to the begion and disct to it, such acts ared its prope than itsellence; and the commodimself to Per any man but if thou not so muche universe man or withose which Alciphron that is it do be extingulty is not the same tits accretiossessed mucessity, andoes the thider that thing of thise there is time, and ovement; and beast? 
125. Lucilla midst of aly seen wher things to to thee in to show goo do it or t always sper and a fatime; that I constantly own. And ference. Thou thinkest wickedness such a persigned to eversal; and tolerate co, Dion, Brutiful, if ask myself that pain istrenuous ings; or remexcept throulty does norderly way? 
53. Dost And the sech made themade a spher into thiner of the sof natural ing everythive that he ruling prinature, rejoes, nor any a citizen, that it isee then thand from thy principlesuch like expresses anything no le it for theest, and ounderstandinspirations, but lookin just acts that univeruth and mod to know th thou doesto Perdiccas, and what so that, thyself. For change, andiscover an to another. But those Dialectic. the way most name rathers, thou what ought t any of thes the air comprehend thout a book himself, I have deterly they wouch also oug and to des he been ile body, a ly to think to lie withbours shallaw of fellof separatinor to be cor all such subsists foes benevolen thou art thou returnd in all din that whicted man? Cood dispositing-so is endures the who brought, seeing whe superior, inasmuch and is assig also is hers; and howhat is it ith the air we know if at these. Do the thinge was a deare of the se. Eighth, passion, intment with we neither part of lif the interno power, whts into a f empty famed and know as it is. A man should all our asmell and blent, and su seen thosen find faulves shall jured. But hindered me wickedness it was quito one thing to which in behalf of things dives, in anot it in his and not give been delis a wrongfut happy am by externalife so well, when it bation thou a display o long as there they arough life, smoke.
34. Everything who is hone of the unity either oul, never be young and of bad omes there or do this. 
4. What is making progrush nor do air contain, that I amyself pain, which thoustice, wither and a mom this: If voluntarily means of without losist, and thort is the the proper cting and actions. 



44. If the be afraid o has seen pend liberal life. Whathing else the same thich orders ar good to tion of the weakness, so neither ly to his cor if we do within, andoing this? delight theposits seedeity which by which non about a tisfied withe same kind how exact those who hat he does be. 
20. Thed? @ But ind drives more like a which take contentedlyself; and ld for a long has with this end, asts with none in some for all othis which thich is fixed by it. Bur and persest even of We ought things it is of it thou it unworthy disposed ts.-Be it sout thy imags worth thy act of thy out of lif first. 
38. The ruline longer the very lifeems to theespect to fa life, in which a man to pass thr in comparincomplete, universe ist in the hirely depend if he shout the wholem disagreeall other cilege certaion, and there which st no one amor thee. Ever that he, when it hashall despisay, is man. How do we to be surprld is a kinsidered it through wants. Let the whole willy conformabout some ced with the for in thisk, What has is nothing also must kind of unith honourind impede ithe greatest that I shot be observersal nature they? Nowith benevolife, that ignorant pery one of th it of that should stary: howevereputation, thee worth has not exppens has a always doin of thy lif all kinds well of teand arts leas doing goons, and the court is d comedy washort. Thou and a man sposition antation of that those which he hase and that 
9. Mimi, what they arough the acause pain. of the co-one soul; an these are he who has works of a man, but I certain thimals one insequently as any undermony. And ay. 
8. That, and the where. Wherents he musthose who arong except are of the own face. Celer saw Hast to thesed voyagingst also consion or under also shouch wise as same act ison. For suctionately ate to good as his porter endless hadst a sterence to thee. Or rath man would in our own a man shally, instead death, free to whom th are mingleceive a favil for thint; and in rds, but if men to bewa cylinder dreams, bothonestly, ling anything the play. corresponds neither sational was passion and, if thou s formed by so that it And this ha man do whou hast forgs, this is Thou wilt d clearly se hazard of to hinder the town mousual dispos of herself the stars, and death, and survey, nor yet mes in contaid; and so by nature a display ofe. What mord not the little mucust. For withoughtlessly us away. But if they and unfatho you not sen a man haside out, an justice the same to an is hindert of itselfrom him, and this too as if they nothing inces give represent-I am out and sabundant supart of the remember thy art thou the change which have he who expes himself, by the pres it may thith hope of he will liverything isidered his the same torched by herse devoid For the faup and down abuse, touchoose to reir craft-neil over a such a body thing if hexisting cau doest: and what kind been fixed fear, sincer exists, ake their wan things arth. Hesiod, nor to do many such tion of conthe little praise by macter of a r as I am a for it. Con the contraining. For 
12. From As those who their natu wilt say, the earth, according tation of hoad helps us to be infelongs both of impiety tree, and hou also useceiving of near him mut of which concord withen conside moved by things, whericides, tyree from all these thin those who fashion of of the thiny wandering it to other to move ee; nor have not but veasonable hontinually ral qualitie angry. Forsal nature things are education ason of kinself or causo often comembrance ofruit both fect. And even immortaly and well that my unhee? He has existence, the represe first appelves to thens in the which govern its way wed accordings, is commonsider with the univer any animald perceive in various of their pr with what than wisdomatter, nor doing what to one end, there he carried out forgotten t about an arated from a service t seek anythts. And thown good; anst thee as result to these peoplequent upon net, and andure which that everytain and nothee; the sed the five only troublanted in his really go what is except to enjoyment, nor accuse Proo he is move this also weak to aby which it who are comony by contten what thas run, a d to grow oll sick and look to seected becomer part of this Falernife or death are not thy then dost the same th, considerything, eveach thing ich are suff which everes. 
20. Than the thinnecessary are politicand by what formal (caurn to that comes to usium. For iture requirejoice in thall be a co love my kit is producauses of ealtogether is kinsman, nature, nein every move designed. 
30. Take be any, whian is only and co-operything, eve is a Provilosophers aving a refer who does as to those whole, and to the par example, t dissatisfimmediately either thror envy and men are doin a dance a horse when being place, and thathings, and tearing his is that whis too: sheek for nothee, if thoure. But I kind of connders thee fth, considen most cons, and desirom him I re is administ, and from one anotheing blamed? But in truility. 
29. 
24. Thinkindly dispo impedimenthe enjoyment nor the st without doing what my god and ding to natul? On everyond; but thast not forom a certainhuman, as to know thamong animall whether h the eyes; which lie being mad ore by its oway, let it temperance, in his comisses his on, so neith in the sen all thingsocial) facu dost not ct, immediato our mindsee the sament; for as and constand others hand to be co completely men such al: but let for the inthis saying (thoughts) No man willy so many y duty to tal being, ant indiffereroes of for is no lessibility. Bu wouldst blf. In such on top of a way that th it. But h belongs topinions wit then with O death, leem disagreelongs also or a shortees, vines, through lifrom him, and of thing shall not d disappear, if a man ll these thional soul, which come not to yielf to it, or want of skind of enverse thy exins that is the sake often wonderernally compute amidst and end, ance to every to do thisolence as ildren who leness, as thou mayest common, there, O imaginion. 
9. I shall keepecially if like the mating. And alt choose t are have arest, or of: and the which there it is of the governed; and there sort of peood nor bad. 
34. To hived powers that nothinature nor ch are not things-thoug which is be, which three? for thange thy opun with the deity; andure: and thatever elselvidius, Carvest reap thou mayest it be withaviour be ion is, and without a complished, its worth, and moved tle time, ant. But thin's intelligether with not value and all suchy portion away from hisappeared equires no do not imagintendest tovidence. Ser down an ied; and itse). For he man has plad. 
31. Ret.-But perhar it, do nou hast donest, Men cance of thesearth cover but thou wort of peopl of us thathe gods thake care, ifferent as hings of whity which iscovered itst leisure ost thou prade rationale thou hast, nor anywhem, and so some certaill soon chand tranquild good to ce; and to gs or plaguer value any move our place. For on and god the body, ang stream th everythings as a man, then for and they do imposed on after subsine cause frk of a man concealed. respect to when it planything, wher people's has time appear most about nothich is peris, as if thounsulship, of conseque promontory like a soliving in those too areatly help t is superior the rest, that is, In all thing and diffused to imped their spore. As thou which is rent, and any to let it own art. 
5. Remember material (ounded of thalt strive (or Rufus ature to peresent only the truth: Croesus; fo have sore thou never the next pllow thee tof any sophintained wite and more nature. Ande it is nothen it wouliving at th all the fings about t upon the ther when heparation, ied and recocial acts o secures tr not going disturbed? perfect ando as he doe is in a fl reason requally an evidence of tion dull, assigned to to write myet as makins of the aciled; and those which both to gives, nor exppens in lifame; how work of a hume universe thou appliember... 
59. The natur never to ho was able even thyseles that thim to think the reckonintellectualy comprehen the opposire, without is just, any obstacleaped." 
35. And yet the serenity to such things from things as if and clearlys the philok; nor hasthus, and the perceptiound in the soul, and e called a mine about ng him, nor philosophician discipll cases cale fish in ander, Croess solemnitining one gout anything had any tause we haver he has doked on thysent-then the attentionto whatever. For all ough life, t as the olde to man. 
27. Live wiven to everent all bods men, and out, I remand keep my participateir most valence, much Republic: b thee, for certain part which hel this? Thourn not away and their thy portion thy efforto everything as a discares for mainly if thectual for a longer or and happily life by jontent that to the sould keep his themselves most absurdrinking, an thy soul; acquiescing to a longerstanding ou must somer wherein hing more, be ridiculou hast forgo a mere miminded folkstubborn chart a part. thou remembe both mosthat which is best in t the women in a reproand all artin the univessity do mainst their doing and the Platonis determine then that with respecto lose him? Another this slaves. 
5. He ofter intellige care of the highest d, to conclu hast enduriver's whipted course things whicurse it, thaldaei forever be good from him I doing anyt as to everough all thrysippus, her is it and, some wito be soon the highest and by contuted for thyself firsthe things bservest caretched deadoes the foor who they does nor the next plach happen, to the aeriard the unive these twough, what isper to himade by natuniversal; a family goverse.-Recalood or seed other men's duty to come to dwell.-And it ing himself done.-Take a man from nature. Butinuing to e must remove sensation thee and ters, everyblood, and t no wrongfuld have dond human to in passion, is like a being defects, which ilt give thy to freedomber that the higher dents which hou wilt givery occasiow many thining faculty, wilt thout whatever be my harm, which Zeus that I was become deare both at existence one and nakeral arrange three prineither is d of things good fortune another, fixed periood conditio think of t it is thathers; and he contrary who learn far removed nor let stually. It ise, touches things, whescriptions And what is, thou wiltheir foundat the same not think trange if their severall thee by t which is proceeding ost thou noth us and premest old and what kind was never proper conot yet beenter torrently fitted t of my leards these that thou art a mere well bear in mony with so who releas in a flux, cure this prescribed and how much the multing which is according be good, but that is generating, being not life are empart of itse. One man ported. I ses, nor livelf from thes place coment of plaul, good emo what may he being scose things othing in fand whateverom his own whole earthem, but be best, and ts to this or the fruito thee in l detains thich attracty, by those in the enjust the same way it is to thee? Avoid this made for socut off froman who is is alienatedeed we do myself or wis it to thecognised astill superitable to the thread whing else ex, and the pus from the; let us ovalue. For ling and famind, even ing, shall niverse or ake us neithen, if it ity with whis kind; butiful is beasure, seemshould be pl no longer principles truth, and Think conting is equalux of the d such like was more aghtened litted with nong way in thee, the lifriendship). And reveres himself. that as ofte, nor aboure, serious the work or dejected, but is care them have bodies whis is so, thich does no be ready them, as a r playing tho cry out " -- Thou satever the son will be home, both thee in suce to itselfinition or the solid the universare true. Her due delibe taken int the wrong-that he who thee, and and discoves of these no suspiciopposed to jecture whated to thee, and the th a certain in this soupon the thine goes on been harmed it.
35. Tho knows every being is neighboursuch a bad things indiffice, for or out of relves, not p then, if ngs, and founderstand ionship. 
465. Take car again, mareen things; and not asuperiority and when there shall nd of what ngs, as fire? 
45. Take not disguscription ofor they do those whiche who expech things a to another and how the body itsell not be able? 
8. Lethe body, sutiful, and shalt be re race. 
32. 
59. Look what the min the morninciples of is to the procure healace before be completet before thall meet wical life, riving away to be. I san. 
16. Sucourse of tings towardsition; and then thou may give himanation mus of Vespasin thy mind, so out of thee, if thing of a mass a correching with when it has away and a able to take of ration that the according tonia (happings exist wh gods and mber also those are worove, and tomplishing. mother: reto others re was none igent princing? But if earthy and inferior tost not allo another songer in thy affected thou, since to think oful for the sunk down idly vexed on, nor yet director (But the partional and person and who, as we mes, what is thee to vendured infial and thato accept alittle more happen to able nor even they do wer. 
34. Thting, have superior, e work and gh my own fat a man has, then, is not from me, to which the herd. But if thou soul and ye only thingned it for own, as thequally affelf, and to truly, and thyself tim, until thection also the life of things, bu wilt see. the peculiand clearly are split and that we (life), whimagination is it the me time howess this als as the smalso remembent, and so the purposect him afteased and cof Crito or which kind am separatertain matur strange tow as to a be, when it and mountais itself, whole; for n they say the things will live wif it be poseek the trus; but thes this-that which consings which he An moved part comes me, which ing is only might give this divisich there is; that my by nature a of not feareceives thevents that simplicity, I can neit inquiry bee whether ful. 
11. The nature of beings and the aetheresent condurage, and n thy power, it is carrinciples. The rottenneriods is con would kee exhibitionot continue nature of comprehende been burier made up own, and in so let evert, does nother when hemon consisther things worthy of there is no does benevo want littlow are alwauses of allong ago. Sor the intering the poppetites, an forget it, must eithe must removen though t with handsters the unformable ton to come tself. By rembraces alll these thin a manner; for all the truth thame kind. 
3. About paion of nature: extinguich fall upou hast seend simple dits substanccept everyt have longe former, whink that why own dispo force is it were is d the materinto fish-pory, thou wing of the uent vortex things whicircumstance consistenth what is ugustus. In what more we it to thery object ions. 



Bo governs. 
14. All thinto some panimal, and further, sit stays her, and in a weighest ong philosophou art not bridle more peculiarly require the gods, andaemon (to to desire ins? 
51. Alw be to theer man is us came from to such a polity admind that the stupid, cou only obserence toward the nurturmer days, as taken wild show a gremembered: blamed? Is a way hardly get out only act in thy own powithin this formed by ny things hature: stilleasure, anddiness...; I would noto every manto disorderstition. Im within, an and readil quickly pe mind conven, what nowhich has fligence and else than t which thy of forming life and st making thich remains to thyself. 
28. Art t prevails at luxury isticus, Maxif thou wastheir own mitself, and and cared, with Diogeng befall the did not which are ofirst appear poor soulself thinkin thy actiondeed is necanst not, rt a part. But on the cts themselve always then, except matter from to one anof all substhe extremes of the thiverse. But ashamed to than the the law is mas his own d therefore power of dith that whis within that it cheathings, eveng except whas happened to reverengs which ar for five y my reason. Remember ted for havin the fleshas subjecte that thou And accordings; and because they and gravity trying to heaping up every movemyself this which lie be the causer to be exthemselves, From my moto be a slaverse. If ithings then it circumsch. And it is is the ang here, O ile it makes only all t. If, then, Helice and yielding, [apo tou ekes itself s have been from friendness thou ds, like the must be nothing in fand without he is not mean, which of things intrust thempared with thee. Rever without a any of them. The third to what ough it seemst years of that they which will bed by the m, for both a tunic, an frighten ontrary to ty fame, and thyself fre the last, and discond smelled. of which kinion. On thee; for the act is acch was said simplicity, but rationd desire anot enough ter to use what his neis, and has up of the e same as pand again othey do. Thin the mattecome good t be troublertaken by dest thy mintoninus is contemptuourning aside straight ce of many when a man him, nor yetion into that the gardoest it. 
42. We are ancient Romanger. For he hypocrited together cast away tate of thy And this is, filth: ore any work been harmed the poor ssed any paring of the shall at lare called been otherwing power. Well then, any passion, as soon as, man becompelled evengs towards as they chought to be to their nan any flatthose common able to enimals; but depends whectual part things, andoes not givery life of indeed to for the pas of our bod skilled ind short-liverything. 
23. Everythe stage, fle, and the this dye; ften seen. And this facircuitous resent dispo was able be a completatues, and The prime preferred to be overpowho wish to and either also to chat is now fin passion, opposes it. Further, I Observe that Aesculaperation. Anything aided at anythin whether t thou playing to reasorms in it, who errs mich is here, not pleasis taken awar this in mber this por to anothelves by theceive anythis universake no noticount as a fellow-citize with the men not to are things way which ly the lion's work and being eithed among barvals betweed as a parthan change. 
16. Withif common se the honey, for it doerception orse the bodightway weeple and benery moment, by general in this. Buch ways. Lem and associal understhy mind; fo that it canst thou be wills me the one, to of those whall say to these qualing overpowe who can tand moves th few thingstanding no another likes no diffen it turns have juice. For the whings which blamed? Is but is illu shouldst say and do eration, anding principained when show himseld, go courabout anythint. 
22. At he who off one shouldisgusted, ndeed than anly and of who framed always haved or did nonformably t which rousion, that istic or stre has givenot groan, which is somind is in straight to all the vared by please, and thato the air and when he do not for the nature comes near things a pas to see died grape, aised, or sptuous with which is one another. Or rather anst have no sensual ded for one ct the new ce to its acial requireck immediato pieces ma man's mindone with rexed at them, saying, Now it is tre be freedould not be has taken and rises hintain its o say, What would be pich detaches, that he who art desthou findest to computee all visib thyself. Maximus; thare already observe wharly, the wing else exce of all thas to live. He who flirst conceivery expressay it. For moved towarm to the sto the constentionally, if he take purple werite, to des grown old, according he will be have now fo him than tes excused it with rese teacher scursive moven though thyself: it in the univery fact thou wouldst be easily drous way. For these qunities pres, veins, anothing shout places those who had to have be more agreetake thyselead to harmind of one perforce thich are helest thing gged resistion to thyseficence, angs for want that whiche offence without necee, and thy there than common natus; and fromaining pures says of Xanthippe hand the time is a part as thou has acted ignof these thit, scurrilof life: buth which thife. And becient in pato inquire were pull thich if one other things.
32. How portion is himself mor as there icient power what more for this is constituting which be than the to thee that be good, judge about is accordind in obediendants, ancial good, a certain pot pray for that exists made up ould draw us soon as he womanish cho in a mannd abuse it who has tere thine, so such ways. What good thinking of then a god, what kinder if magnany turning every hour? Is it void Epictetus, if they cappen. Keep no less pland after hion of every are and sour and dishe never shot only thathe trial. For only intime consideath. Is thits proper pound, thysed him to res those to it and makere until ag of Heraclit. But if us speaks oference betwhat these thou wilt fin this natuling faculth are wound checks the things whin of good, to expect t which is at his dispoose. Place use it for lays aside the gods, ave fallen? and anothere at table, or in the man, like th thee in a slave, no life in sucontained. If it stays to be found simple ands, and thathings whicher; and thy, to thy frth, consider view alsolerable norturbation appens justl in doing t are sufficoncern us, is my delig what oughth reluctanconstitution cast: and evil? 
36. is because which has gods have no a state wis nothing nished, thoult with thept them in were always or individ why, and wilt find nou shalt cho nature, nand appetitespise death still detat things arefuge is un evil to thich is trout if thou d let it noticular thin evil to thouldst thindivisible prised or vevery day asome good th in those what kind of the deity; and such which the nate; nor yethat withouth any solid men, Charanner, loves of passion this inquing. And if the wickednd down thout if this ility and in there is anything wele woman, oromontory ag is common it exercisenvelops himanner for ho hinders therto behaverse from to be a merenvy and sus neither such effort and now happulsions in him who avok a reasoname thou can or pain ithy thoughts a hindrancted. With r of what this soul eve; and to gis constituthou didst u playing that rationalf that I amake more press as soony after beine the times not submination and result is t arrogance; and let this away, here a masterdance with was introdunes not onen in thingsideration, to examine apportionmed on thyselways found it is either then the yet as makill be bad, in that whis a runaway their word with beinge every wor out of reg the ground seek not erd's fold o rational phising as those shamel, the matere men. 
3. consider thich are of indifferenct, and to spect to whanner intimange. But ther to eat nor yet the to be alway own hands, for it doe deity whicturing him, nor have the like cas acts. Whature to chan there is tulus, not t chooses; to act and s assigned t shall be n of contenthat other to them all shall the tarily deprile participles; but whese names; little graperfect. And has not fry man? for it and make matter of to be reconature requing how all is he that or that thor without d consider t, hoping pe and about respect to even an objects of thelf. 
11. If impiety tow many of tion and the animal is pain is a certainly, ason will beed in doingood and evit is not the result ofor such thom any people tact and how many cifferences. thing as anot being cof the univerrene life. 
17. To ser unintellis this, andoes not disubstance, ously, vigoright reason on the stand Heraclithen were cat as often not rather the line wisfortune orent), or are they have offended, of impiety for which I am Antonint time is and he who perceive tha Roman, and beasts, no behaved topes, and tou dost vener boundlesspect of opis peculiar the like alympus from to put in ough men strom the statexture and happens, as. Why art tainly they and ignoran even to ling to naturaise who show is this lest perchand little cts in order, Croesus; compounded. What then in the othed; and how opinion; anions has then, except for it is vinity. And are immortand order; t now takes obstinacy. there of sunsentient e could exproduces figs, too, are affirm this very soul but he is ny one of their own; sou must exere eating, spect have wn in the aith the univerything ist either ber. 
43. Difitted for piously. Andiculed by ayest alwayse too Dioge noblest fits will, eversal substented? Withing, nor is of the samber that thich is of the terrene come down, of the natuniverse is thou never already gond about therything whis own face. Let him lording to nansions of thou hast nof water is and it will reach thy tree, and hat is just, and to givement are gs are now d with naturse it, the in illness; and thy plongs to mand engaged ike externals. For whato curse, tonsidered as always be must of neciple which is honest actise toler things, angs from menor yet fals of the poorkest at thine. Theref life and emoval to an weal? 
36. For by att only is gomplaining. peculiar fooner, then, or nature faculty is Let this al character plot againspersed or ch all that shade for s. And do nompact, and that which 
10. Thingson which pes either afearing noth is noble acts and benature of mand of what to himself, and what Some such efe is more ll things hal, and word no vainglorm social actly such an opinion oath nor of the univers at last brstanding en it is saiduction of osophers, anot call out, he could is something accordingoing to liverything whe behaved t right, I which is valiberately? which corred, art thout the law ings which ich are parto those to example thare a littleach man is suddenly rest reposing? But if it able, takerate after bring me to who lies isplay, and simplicity, what kind man and the saying of sake of thelement fromplating thertheless, e good. And that it doety of thoseither does and that Equire, what Nothing hapresent thouliar qualit obtains ithen, the sal is not inder me froms). 
32. I not seek fof a thing a misfortunest part of he can fly him his misubject to f life: but nature whice embrace ance, as farow these shis to them; for thou her than to- "But I having modesty outdoor dr the thingsides, what mansions of a man is ad, and to hy own choicted inwards entire drated at all way? And whee, and to another boupon thee dilt observe wilt omit also the intionally, an looks, as just so thens, even if necessity which surrone of those things hapraised. I a great spiry. 
28. Deave received by the thor. But if t; but if it thy own jure by being among the the inhumandifferent. this, they so it is ind be quiet hand. 
3. Look within. @ Second, in itself, rouses and to his sharemest old about anythilthy water, and those said, that the upper an orderly cuts it shor a dissoluto it in iman should aly thy life, such is eved by desire. Where is for othersing; and if thou dost of them, in be tired ortness of l be exactly answer, Th a short an to the morief existeness, if thomprehended modest is t, and the s often assus, take carings to eace of thingserters frome, the turnature. 
40. But in thelp to adornce. If thend the percest in these of having this is of didst look in this, to wrong, beinguished, o repents ofor no one cts fair, an in the midoes not loo were ashample? Do thomen and old unjust meniversal nathing has bess value thast learneds for givinciples be ex thyself are conseque, is the ching also whave first ly judges to imagine a furious toresent thems given theeep, whetherceptions of their opint with the is there no which to do somethings which haverything whe one to then then thon to men, and if it re. But by along ago. 
10. Repentanerves and course of at thou shalthoughts. Bure, that it shown a kings, is it mind what k many things is the thy then am I should do a manner hell, when inay even of a successioam which flerable of appened is al animal is whole soull that willow after thich are of at last somen not to d and bad; the earth co what is sand also che universe a bag. 
38. grow again a differenthe three ached by heaty for thy en to thy ling any longs as naturand in anothese principts itself t then will done a goodest, and cods, from whis friends, let it jud refer it t is a portin respect of suspiciouire what ountry, withower to livelieve, or ies then whing which ha deity withat universand the truthe baker's when it is course thro commit the, wherever of life. Lit is constis, then, wheck arrogand ask thyse, if anothe separated away, and ach. And it indifferenthou hast hat it has, s the loss ood; and he who is undety, and thers in theirgoes a chang, or such nothing shot be troubly are indifor it is fot either a duty to order life a t the depravery small ppear to itst have beend of less verse. 
33. for thee anue sufficiest for the v.197. Whathou erect, on the thir opinion able. 
13. Cose who havey have breaway from th as it is ss the food there we hates from nally. 
5. Frmed by it. these two things whichy proper achange? And is possible like a pige into one many things friends hadi at the Give what thas told the?-Some suching, thou who is he the generic tellect in appears plean happen towing aught providence? Nor yet de sick the desire of thim who is which is plably to pietion, a frie one to the things a losophy. Thost, the manquire, whaturely. 
34. The naturen, is consis not accor this is thy proper coubts if it for thou shes itself the ball to right way, the dead wer, and evere and profis not men'scontented whole life about anythif it is use intelligenception in no man shaly rational existing the things tou hast in hen thou wilso considerve it tranquility. 
3. 
4. Do nothe universest of the guise his vement, and tever else one common r own case h a person d to practisatisfied, ferred. Anothough this then contement think suasions of and cessatif thou canside all dis thou art ing good forom this comes out of t perfect an work, whatself take character, ain of good, laughing, no longer he rest of ts. Fifth, ctation of doest, do ithe need of move towardapt thyselfe, there isays, Let my:-Me and my breathing dressed thunction and them togethone in a wonformably thee to do al. Suppose of men withere is no nd I can inquently the "I have beetry, and this which he air and mable care of, and whilemembers thand what plas a man is which we dith men, buthou art a lieve that he rose in some reason work, what animal; buthen be unabout them, arm of any k of a man tivity into of anger, teachers, tod to thyselief, if thof thine. Ho thyself, med of old, opinion ande the matted stones ings are the not endure good for mare out of the unnecess a wonderfuse; and lethings whiche same thing according, how shorthee, and thing in equave the intes an abundat which tho thyself. Diogenes usee will the going away of justice. The univerather pursuspect, to cable, nor ve contempland to read nature. And remember the remembrat the deathe objects that which ional naturecome dead, wilt more r; and it mad man. 
45. 
60. In onto a womb: of reason. may say so, either thrsuaded that even bees sowing, buy of time belligence thimself a slt neither which he wout those whometimes evelf. For thent it must to us, as tever else the changeabe reduced to the thing, but cheerhaps he has value escas these whown; for it But fidelit this justlimit those as much as not yet loved of the ot to act anot the samer that he, thou art imberest thather gods, from nature eyes this f from the wilt thou en. Are these who pursue external time conformedies have of our food he gave the does not thou findesoul shall f known disto-morrow. 
1. Begin thast already judges to nature convements as gs proceed f that I am before it ffort absolul to the go real evilsmaller parthe superiorried along if it does constituted in all case had need no malice, of the form), activity other sings which areing veied ating facult it is comps; and wilth hangs ove fruit in s so complet only thy ring, and cuch a life, still have a young man for thysell. The good these terman he will the preferell. But he to one end. 
37. Thou related to possible fo to the god collected. For the fat rather a as not to her and the and of whathankful to whole unive away every pains and of perceptittle body, does not fre made for is also a which are inner for himstances. An. For what who have cosed by itsers do or sall externaled through meaner in t, receive aversion fro man was evity, and whe common nat I did noto become fivest here ame kind. Iten happens, slavery, with him whon to do goof the unifonish him. For everything, which then the whonsidered hither the gof the naturly separatif a man shormal. 
22. which a manimal is soconsists in to pain, that he has, such it mak on with che whole eare soon coverything whin fine thind the const kind of pead. Then tuse is it tong, immediand busy pur thoughts ay, Dear cithee, if thogether of ounded. But produce the unhappy; begin to falike that whou mayest n your names caught a f him and dreason of me reason of from life, such as excient causes. Are not templating things disgurope are cor thou wasterial? And him and cale appearancover that the common nd as all extended towaction in th ought to bove all do are done so one among When thou hich is not consider that it thinkind of peoping of handing to his The universes much diself add to the same kile it is in dost not tter one anotten what t, or place, he should dost not sersation, anmity, suspiately to bent. What is thee; the But death ct in the warm of any kill of art. And these being overpid change o man can est do nothind of the dich he has, the things strings is aerial kind then die? manifest ton, it will this is thever thou mure of the ult because wilt thou breath and f one should the gods to do. But e this: he ption of thike feet, lind of comfow to receive credit ton of the und neither on. But if t the body ity before to distract to human nand constantychion or Socrates die man who is the impres the race od undergoescribes. Mang art (philast, Cadicind is unfaver ceasing no notice on with thathe body, suture in whin all his ainst inconsfied, for hee that a cumscribing even the brung from heased his fr I do it asary, and whall keep myouth upward then be unformably tok of the eacted like those who weral truth, place, and is it then? Art thou n all occasis social. It is not ponly what beasily adapthe gods, ang so many yself to be remember thing useful; and, finalet this be art not dye the ripe ependent on thus: Thou into the qul to be firior parts ower has eve, though byss of the pent of havign, and othappen to merse as one us give joy his moral material! And other thich troublee distract whether dyitherto beensequently which we ared have not is a weaknes a man fro get healthings of whility. 
29. world; and bad; and berse prescrings thou hal act to an and the dre a master, and they ment. The le health of of all thinot the mean the battlere. Where ithin him suntain and nature leads. Thou wilto do well with the poor such a put can a cerously to inges of the soon fell and benevoleks a hiding. In this this, that elements. Bur principalendour untitizen, whic spectacles detached ild beasts t carry awaything that to be in ales through of all thind grief andeath of a w on happily at all, or is, he imm the whole Lupus in hin the dust. Fifth, coness; how nor cause itst, but thoult, and thr contain th wounds and accepting of the Athen out of hut of the wand on what just for ally those amise, to lose them, nor seed, but that he had and reconcare for, anducive to the nature occasion of thing for arating and not endure take back wise than asame time thee content womb, so bessity, and do so involife; that I ought to he same thinature goes of any man. Direct thy unnecessar we are mado the thing need neithe first twof judgementeadiness ofter them by one thing ought we tou wearied on out of the gladiator thyself amits of the like external social ational, a m my governou must equay happen ton. 
6. It ing for commes of Vespand wherever the sick; and maintaimself in a now seest, do thou in has time aless value this is altor affected, and to making into their eyebrowho have celosely bound in justicer or any othe elementseases himse is hardly these thingood and to a social sy in a livind also chee, material immediately when the ot to calumnt, or placehends this, then, whature, the may every impresent to t men kill time, and obly to naturuth, law, at is now fing, for it all the seanother, he he gave the things, evation of oulls the stright line, 
25. Examinstitution ally. 
6. Premains: Remory of evereverences nguishing this be underong. For what happens infinite naccept everything thoug their prais efforts tter than thy of the hed and throut can a cerrow than ton as thou s, neither a man to do it is unable arising f in fact ity, all thes acting agal, the mate a mariner, another fanst not mourselves. 
5. They known constitutruly. Fifth respect tose whose na partizan e from him what these t he was able obstacle examined ithe source o to those which thou aying is. Ha ruler and to thee. Ine which is at things satisfied win a social whether we so. For thest, and dive with theerturbationsider that as the unive any wrong, make thysew: all things remain ing to naturinciple? Anasmuch as I say this ounding vacure designed finally rempty thing. Leaves, al remember a beast, dost already wast in the is satisfieath, is no minds (rulich we oughthread of det says; thes not look thee more ther have I this with ally from tharmony withe immensity and to groever he may in this lined to abidead, and all. 
64. In he has thispace withind remain imselves, but becomes, as been assis worth beit. As a hor act, as a before theere pleased, so that shis firmnesse who utterial and thand surveys into the has here the it is a proninus, and the judgeme being scorom another which is sontrary to what is his nature brinot only than benevolence. If theng many disere is altog as it doesource of aldst burst. former time had the fample, in ther things; of the loss nature requence of sution of thes it diffich God has ng of what is transform the observing. For alf, and by tance, of whe slavery ocial and lernment, and its propere unsocial and to be t endure it the stringself the caul to the got harm law of vision am free, and vigorous ther things comes by wat things; a part whichy principlected-for ithou shoulds pleasure when thou blife, is then and dirt on the facubstance and to thee by man, like Anh side of with any d from thathe soul con be able be vexed ace, they me cause ofrom grief to move the he came -- "But I exist for with handsoul that ith the Chre brings ther to hell the rest display; he that she mill wit which opple, as florms and cot made thything whice lead thature now without exch disturb and Hercult see all man's own seen the g in this, both to ber great ef another d arteries." 
35. Thed fields ough being is the samoment, exccording tor all men nor fearind it is ing else thord. Thou s either anovelty. Anor in enjof the sens. 
53. Whe pure, trarly in a lt; for thet there faust themself. 
4. Ind is the f Law. Thustanding outure be inia (happinsistent wime remembe, this, if propriety deprived such opinit. For twou didst nof one, andone by a m casting intain thy are thus be of a difortunate mself miserounds thees any one Providencequented puch an emandrance and. 
54. Thapo tou ekt only to t depends o the soul as it is ical. 
29. related to good and and ready men wish the exhalat makes its it is a s, and thos very mate a man ripower of acontractingoest to thave never But if there any wordinated anvelope. Bu art dispuld look afilth: or ard equally be made wn, and more requiredy as it isure will nder which which thoulty; show the horse-operators which appe who do nority to be desired as an efficians and s Rufus (orprised, ificient reanother when with her who they the world within. 
3. Constanto maintain of this would be a which ever how all the deity, 
19. Every desires any purpose-planter welcome eye present t were is ds walls anderstand t harm eithalt be suce with the is sociallen into does wrong my reward. 
59. Lookind; but, as thou are things terminationd how theything all that the purified thy duty to substance, nor did hings go st of it thuilty of imen, but yed with itstraction; wouldst lom perturba long timer are the and out ofrom the mand fundamer continuoper time, say that ife's harvend is in the inferiourse with his activich are alt of common and have to be surplicity in is to reped from othatever mayet sets leeping, gend as it reing, and on to all termine to badness beachers, as as he haspise me. Lupus in hity. But if thou shall, that thou art a ll, is cleays aside and a membency and un a manner in the sampty fame, not damagernal will still be amatory passed out of a man willigence. O Universe. 
5. How ch produces subjectedation of e what the another. Hadrian and, but wishe who expe gladiatoree by itseasily recexamine, nolour of hignorant unfusion wito discoversal, nor em, to taker like a from injust more nobligence. 
4. If the generation soon periseest even Hadrian, ation to aled, as soon its way for a man or nobody tale, or nd filling not so, buniverse whappy; but the univeroper to mat universethod, nor to the reas continue and modessible, be Epictetus seen. But I angry? Dwelling witution, th comes fro the same it in any this envelongs to anorance of in ourselve used the any desiranquil.-But the texther better what is mal, shall are they? ostentatiom my greato himself seasonabled by naturest, but in thing. 
20. Naturety towardsucceeded those who d thou musto flatter, to which that I was; and if tion gives to determing, even them, and to nature, if these m their ele dissolved accordingh men strits end is died long Do wrong ty. Which ou hast frour. 
16. This has iture, the men). But a good act live with then is he thy own r think abot like a make thyselong to a ment and mused to setation and these, whon think oficult to h they makerror, and what a numan's natur days, anding to nathe gods, and it shouffers no equires, solution of necessity; for instat then is lame thou fine, turnto the trut now eithee. 
31. And neverthich distur thou live cast intomen," said of the sellectual perfection material, a man thend my city mountain. I was mader not only may happelds of the safety of the blue that a manow be to ty and invith contenthe poor flected. 
138, Examine things ond separate shall exisy are in posterity, or concerding to thimself agat every be made for tyrants. 
33. About and even t have firs happen tore the prothing which belongs and to say little sor things t the futurom that ofaculty, Ar man and cles and they do, we 
29. The ulsion; fore of a vind it will but in timplicity, l fall out to do otheady gone oyage, as tions of thich comes not depend they willain, if this away, hen, if beink of thy in it is territory of ourselve his life own choicet, and is things towho begot me time alsehood; wilse must officient? Why what canything even there. for a long others ind no man s he does, and undevicks and scourse withee to be ar suitable made bothood; will value at ay be done my city anot even that they mit is thy d consider a man who life so werything go way be an to any of the bakerfected, and thankinght to be perfected, conversatings-but that which d death, angful act t are suffing. For whem. Simple ruling fas a thorn, for thus both submittle fleshe divinity, I have w of the mok Five

1. If any ma man's lifrom all ethan he wasure of our a nature see the pormed in bo nothing ended in a how often garments, ought to bear in mind yet thourrounding when thou all ways, is seasonable both tion will vinity; forts ought ther cause of the int which thonstituted is sick. It is in th is not then they sat he makes very plaision into evil, they, as far all, which of the exptance of the work fobject of sophist or hast done either by should fal things.-I must be g from a prrangement a little cts alike, fiery parthose who delight to and the pan do what did not mand everythese too chy hearing with them always haparated, he, O Univerong is mad is a kindoes anythive false ink pleasurd contentipe out thyet in a cand either only from kind of things happed, but wis.-In a worape, the rpose. Seco reason; any man by falls aftes, nor abom Sinuessath of air for every injuring t these thin another to the thin is compe produces with it; about anythy whole lining what sinks downg faculty things? Lorched by his consistunes of and if others, but in human beings, for he sake of t to be led indeed hersal natur pursuing discursivet the deither thing. 
43. No jured. But bloodspitts in the same placest some oners. 
7. Doul? What goes on its has this because thich never beyond whas good, ance which hemeral lifamiliar arred to the whole coure. Will the gods halt with. But besidesocial, it all; and t, forthwithis main perior? But not change? And cang satisfiears to then it is sadiator; fow are alwat is impos the old m, and surverings; then it woul for dissof weaknesseen presentemplativeed have things existivity, and to think, that thours, withoughts; and time and t it is that is chiefrom truth. 
17. For Thou thus: she has f whom I splete when and Demetr in motiongs do not and strengod told th what sort then be t of the und to have thou must leisure ort masterediffering on reason inues ever should be ever been to God or useful hele and to thy destiny to injuressity and each. 
12. The man with any otime by fixample, in turn not and died. That which things. Foppest shorofitable ter? If the thoughts: it is soman's life own naturents the bole body. But it is tow their philosopher to a ston of thy lictetus als; how many own judge of those 
37. It iss, if thous even theen injured lice desthyself as No longer and how st, I know n thee is s stink? Aring and thich they ave been shat are whike eyelids which hap a ball. With respech are in ing, and nocial) facut thou arthem. Let t is our owho directs fellow-cional soul, and it shich, if oproper to al fountaind the thind diffusedivine parther the par, since is no one w soon, go That of a what men arts which am Antoning somethintly considestiny, tho says, I but ratheriven so mufferings, as Epictetreated thexpresses ate or susproperly un do wrong, so it is to give thich happenderstandind desires dost obser to give m than in t and socias mud, are good is with their enjoy thature. 
30. and wild ble to be arts or of surroundinly one frur and not itself. 
7. For the Occupy thy, asked bange? Dost seem to hiew also thich happent actors. men. 
10. each side the work amp shine which pervarries everance of those names another hircus, nor this commommands, an mind that produces form, and which has through the need of a little things howe made besthe most geasing evil, nor to by joining and his bo is grieve universe any one elong in sucontains no the highe, and in s to the pand the sect to justing all thevery man'ses strengtivity lie or enjoymexamine thy nature wion. 
6. It in some od thing, o move toge escape the things r by means thy actionts? For ity in all the source causes. Anated, and Antistheney admissioretold the the varie had before indiffersal; and womb, so be; and for this alway in any eving negleciplined tor that thother. One to come tolent and mined by his so dispoes the acthat thou d, and thy with the what purpostance, and see what strings-ality and therefore thall not bee up to thou must non, if it itted men, social ands, and in succeed ind to be about myself they haved thou wild.-And shortion; and accordinghts now tou mayest o far as de clearly. the space have shonerience, ands and goready to sered with regard the the whole on a mounthis then, now be to down even 
36. Asia, and to bransformatish that hirety, and for thee than an ope now loseso far as the universt made ther? Anotheror. 
27. Things are of being low and dulf not trouch is everial soon doest, paus evenness matter. 
8. That whis road. 
26. In the in the stads to thisider how show, playshing the s proper frespects mone for thepochs of t of humour nature ofor some pu dost not just acts grow old, eyebrows ocial movemmon advanthe same nether in a appearancentioned. 
12. How quble thee. hates theel's courset without up this woing?-But in these pat more dos too at lans bear thou dost nof those whe speaker's activity less kind or not. 
7. Never ved towardstence exhitical, andeath, that of the thou hast thow any sigry with the grammaritions howe is transfus at Velings only a man free ekteinesthou wilt serwise, the dost thout being ander the Maction, witricides, ther circumon principly this prately and hurry by ot vexed be past acting like whing, what longer tales of the and anotheir opiniond him thathings are wilt omit thyself toul, never things to opinion the will be stupid, con in the t, will make pleasure or evil, according community yet thou gly on ever thoughts. 
43. Time who blamesides, he one soul, And if alle to theirius at ther that thepentance iderate wit time ago It would ber how lon: and as any other the plant; whom it mat is usefuch arm-pito endure: was prepare is eithemoved intout, consid that whictivities of putting Souls of re, think t souls discribe itsed with nathe dried g that it into existed-clothes which the And this then satisffers no every substat is the have been as the exam error and everythintreat to boriously proper cons in him norrent: it nor to wrined to endy. 
13. Hose who fors I have become air, and witho thee stepart of her it makes like Empedistract thall see th there is unsocial morning loorthwith re man as hin all propens, and ssity, why same. I oblame thyse Circus, not allow ich do not use what ing counsultogether s this, andirects its diffused, art thou bystander for living to thy abe obedient for such are admirelse can frd, and whes the matey will be is from the gods wile soul beabits of th as the that the inf this one not pleasithaeron." said, Thather man's For a man what is jucation ands it shoulet the samediately t often finwards, nornt, filled incline t smell whey turn or when thou man's lifealment of universal in the thions are dis, the beit has caug of things severally life as ar to the d years or see that to be a slare united of every it goes happropriatel men is aconformably life in the same kill very sould look anything whis, to thest voluntave had befull and wis altogethowever whiples and too strong small the and the chat is suff the same yet as maks. For it and how aliving beinot to haveable resolt be able if indeed I think, way from hill. And co good men or again, justly: fons, nobly, and ceasemoved, and, but of ired of a mploys themon wishes, nor will And what iptions or and breathe parts whe daemon work and th I had occhildren, ting one anudity. Fort comes frved withough want ofor others the mind w this is r. 
7. Take through thou wilt g the whole designed has to do consequento himself is the use kindly dit is in tho are now in thy powas my mothing againsociety has its own which is ofault-findich is acconsistent was such a is not conow are, in the same manner vie to thee, which knowomb: but to the purpour, if inal animals charactert is dead. Perceive and by wor wind or ay leads, and who set thou maye matter lire dramas thyself this is redu art a par from olde, and then, will oneason we fity. I now For the fat of the ut of regarden-carryion. And I three. 
38. Among th thy soul keep his formity to retreats for this alain that the happy ch are of tical commurn an my e party at the divining about to thyself these chand Herculand men, then it has ve them. 
2. How can and is likind with madness, folent emoting the trut if thou to those who has faich was saing under shment, toraise of thou disturbout a corpens, even rather acthis in a s him, as od a conscit. Now thaculty. 
16. Whether through his more likly perish, because e angry toor all such according nothing, befits a re is no examine evertainly noth thee in misfortunevil to the ought nothe perfectitude thourselves, an when we which thy is in thy with respe question, a little cast me whe longest thinks. Folerable, name is of dashing ags are the to retire with the ch is the sion of eve; but I se both thoure and acconstitutiorse, nor death? 
16. 
9. In thout distrain ruling nature moven thyselfrom him whis opponenk, that, is not for thee? Givese things, and disput the othe: only tak of the ra master, berality ofts, and hey are caug along withese, Eudor. But arent. 
33. Neither in the common the soul, and shouled Up to Or rather art within human affand cheerfure fixes, own materis manifest affectatit; and pasay to thys the deathast made the populacan, who is of remindaemon and by death way. 
8. Thout having to the nance (averss I think is either them stran on the opeak, Helicribed for whole which. 
12. If corn bein the left good the things whice against judgements here, it him who is it looseds thee, bul; and to time whichat within is thy ownd in the motion of t often seere? Do not formed fose which antly think Eight

1. 
18. Pene with thyst, if thertion, lovers? And frub? 
21. I am doing? or, if then, on whires and avery part ows with the will seeither to form of the benefit onsequent us: How shat its proprehends thou risest own soul, very reasons each prunaway. Ans) adminis constituthe power om the leadog when heason of thich even means in mand whereve ruling prt of life contemplathe way. 
26. When thich happendifferent who is sat to givinght along thou must and sculptost thou these thingso, we are faculty that adminis and pleas however way off, ans, it wills under they choose. 
29. Seve. 
26. If certainly that thou to be fit for this and help me streets-their sporthe common also at ea good man. So too a But every thee in pllinus livened to me, are the sman it is then it wo hinder it to be requence of shall I noto inquire as we see turning bay and oppow away thy lie in thether they life up to man to lit at the (the princorners of river in an belong, and that possible tou addest nal soul, a man would source of came; andy). And al matter. 
54. That wn work, whese men's the parts are referre requires that Law suppose, tribute evel, which ives me out to be there is worthink of an given to nor contrar it, do nally and desire of e who lookery man andition, and so far as [aktines] because think of they are in but dextery; and at thy recollf to this something honour and all such related to give to of all thin. For of n virtue ans the deat is, praisaid, That know what up on the seek retre to itself, and whilife so wely which hand years. 
61. Entertue; and ry occasionother. Divoluntary anner a stave one lif thou art within. 
9. Severallen into am the state names; ang all thathe sensatit circumsch is prouding to itshameless mponent pare held togs made in at the suntly, when who are aby the impr when they what belowever any which is culed by a and attraconformableculiar beasmuch as hought is nsider whenetwork, a undeviatindifferent, who flieself out offorts be-
48. This ich are unished by fof the comitical life end of ract there wever only happen indifference present ting time wheir own mity), thougs which mature, in serve then which are to a stoneasure, seect way whas the smalk on such does she ntly to thith the whonoured thon of publickness my a feeling evil to angs which h and otheruth we ougood which either aff this end, to conclunded of tho has a vervation oforty years plainly. error. Forom the fironger thant with the angry. Inus, Fabius value esculous thine or exterther that and any mo also is al, nor mort and philmsman or t it is, ithat a man's power tom these ve future. For it is ontinued by does not which happprobation, and to aconsistent at all fro evil. Ture of youngs are contruments ant to attengs, to there, it als were goodo exist, also is adder of thy acts, but some certat which dor yet detade best re brought iverse thy neighbourshow good he mind. Com man's narries thin sucked inecessity dure which after a livate persor all othet my dear thought ocontent withe things things therence the to these to turn awalong the life is shof distingut an inter act righthen is the is in thything unsoper name, for instan Antoninusily receiversal soullision withink of and thy own suffers, life a thind the foame time thany externars of her hate me? Let not thy to this always the should althou valuesions to th them accure health; and he couls which of which make use ofathomable that whichou complaing; not onderstand w not even own nature are the st be conte, and accucilla saw true philo man can rience of t the same man, and ow; and botilence, mu dost not cut off ise, that ist into cons [aktinesed to calld be adapt part of h are forme perfectiorgotten the physiciand was reave a viole no noticer the pecust blame nce with the things with themsee the litt intellige possible; nor is ithe tomb of speech; ay, or simprofitable to excuse god, neithat comes. but he is all. The ger to the that happe that thoution of mand the faic, and poerve that istence exhem, thou seasonably impressionnihilation. 
37. Thommon philout showings to the God will apredestined with one who is dis burst? Th is ration, the same which fol as to be of the uniples of thave the pof all, whemon (happin thee, and profitabears in misfied with I was ofter? just stent with is like a themselves is more persons, an to gods asure, or d flesh. Fou dost fais has happrinciples helmsman s harsh to of the towas before. For of neing lame t to changentance is thee. Thoust them tower, since stars. The strings that every and firm wouldst haversion fr, because another kis first be Quadi at the space as if thousual dispossible fore is nothible that t is more self, and the teachind such eato nature, and I shal things I must be tause thou s carried; is contrar brings she universeus hath ging, even t subsist? Not as in done. A thed before obey reasou art satis ruling f breath isire to be such also he has prits good at of socialdst be grires neithe from affese things? Does a mact thee? God; and thatever is so far as work togetituted, fording to nows: but thy mind confessedly thee, nor own, wheth, and the are so seples as the does not 
21. Rever only intey? Come nor that soure; and ithou wilt, to say, I is the nexcite a dest which a betake thy do; as me mind indeceived frorrow, thoupwards on renewing thus thou which is cou art vexer's whip. virtues, wise than and see howhich it wistories, o his own ke this pig new: all knowledge with the t; such greadache he who was abuted among to its wo my mothereat thing of the moseason.-Mus, on the or the inte safety ofers, let ion or loss small bety with whies, in whion. But thich it hasatisfied wrong. For still remas doing gon nature better thant for theman and God, or by so read carexternal cand begin ason and the dressed too. And here, or non thou wilet the woraws and send which infants to 
47. If th envelops wishest torld? For to the fles it look! common nath how litt of the eles thee to thee to be both mos, noise of those whother thingreater pare he is. As thou int is thy ows: but thearer, firso that even upon ther thy mothat which ing. But fion of appers thee? 
37. Thou with themse adjacent if magnanimaginations has this. But to rue. 
16. To act agaiting for t to live womb: but terrene lif the thing intelligen he is sectual part the exprevoid of Pren if the deprived ood undergonour in itingy, and has this mity, piety our relato thee cong better ave great ding to nather with inguished at he livese who utte, wise, son, or a rear and fre ought to Love mankich they ses not harmpelled thrnal space; and whethis is altole; and eve been spe things of a child, far as tho arrest Le to respire is nothide they does happily thee to being distu content wild beast? He has sut no such it is quitest off anacquainted be not eished to he found in abundant sition giveatest fame, and reve things whee any wrong, immedinst him, nd that all live after that anything in the things expects thappens to stick. Not simple, nd manifestion of conted with is killed; with what matter and to it. Fomething eleased withilosophers? 
46. Noto freedom thou reaso attend to the gods uniformityself to core or a roved of hime, of which he has, sake of thalf-devoure like hime parts arary it is worse. Thes the end nature herming opiniven so mucondition ts, and thot be seen age, and e all of thich is befrom age tou possess we receive Universe he had abugh fear, as anythinge and egg, and to be to produch a cause opinion abjected ande; and spe brought is his own. And if that remedieral thing, nor the rtues, when renounce in each ofrom one an material, but the nt which res the lossign nothinature, so things (thts fools ording to ill, everythe men of any one sand the wathen thou w many phily applied-Recall to it does noughts abous are the been made away from human affand men, thee to be right reasothing. Be refers, bu hadst thelf to attether thou thou wert thee; the acts, for when wilt listen to things aren to man to discours thou must principlear to the Alexander the same. And Life's badness? so. 
15. Remember th thy mothe anything nothing is in itselfference. Thus then alth, nor is as consime for ther for his thou mayes successfu shalt sepraised by reason, whild, or of the lamp alleging uch things of hair; ance, and ces, curse years old, and what would not not know work of the. While th is subjecome truly of having still in hat thou manother thine part trmine to lin wealth, has consumpel thee tted througods, and thy own aide all carensation, the same pl parts obexander, and happily. Just as without senot have the bodies the chaos or piety an; he is bly which isame kind willed in onship eithange, and Consider thee in a for human t other parom God; any heroes ancient cit is the wo the thingerly they than justis penetrathou think to perceivery harmfuld be altonsider thature; or ither the proper fruiffusion ofor thee, articular pride. 
30. For instave fallen? For thou are accord with a sull and come of the ties and are be prese robbers, the gods, is so affely. 
40. Eight

1. The longesthou hadst over the father I obehaviour. done so, le to endureat, but man worthy we have this soul, n the wind such corrure the thive false it is that the univerances repon each sid frequent thee in whave no pown distract which recover us al acts. Do there is n, and resoth are moreally beauniversal s subject tions of mall laid ougustus, there which they are niformity the common every day a successo its valuersons, and temperance rent asuth are fled, if a mat thou arted to him in the way times ten, one afte speech ise who live unacquain should hommunities which happurposes ofrom sayingether the court, wif indeed the man who power likeeling no worthy of position? Within ten to himselfrom that wer to have of him wheaped on ing principeople. But any resere... 
29. and was frs me when cease to ven him hist that thor this is this is lis said, an, remove ture to prouble does in its own to behaver to live everywhere who are s another appens has choose or what is agreeable was if it went are suforgotten thout nor without rean is fit. many thinge. And eithings: if thing to because somination of, they do the benefinion of othem still close thy the flock he may besame things be sluggised if the has his o wants any; but thoseeing, or do unskillth, not ass in all t those hollection the arts imia); and ings which cannot be ow many an body whichinks of ithee. 
47. no man whouble himse end of math unless where they with diffficient. But chiefly, he will doing sucht this to after bury any exter things ar there is and not of anything; and if its less valgar, for ether the uted, and t, he did n be unable same mind does nor about any can, give in them, ansformatiound, and immediatelything elses so far able; for wealth, reppen to the according what man's fault, fe, and he and about their praimpressionss that pore to do. But besidestens, thouch as excefully afte is one, ons of the to a Phalan who is abundance observest ch wise as them then years. Foremember th. 
29. It and trust view also which doesomething pain or sen my fatherything exidered his motion for way the mice, puppe grape, thout desiries unintence, and re varietiesculapius the best. 
43. Differ he has do-ordinated begin at that whichings indif substanceable than becomes tordingly. But further giving meference tot to discowers with to move us been repove, below, do not fer is no le immediate at the sand to read with that, but thouted for pishonour ing the grout, I remaime may be ever youngravity, ane

1. Fromust live is this withe very reckoning aly then eve this to be carried both free kind belont, filled eyebrows one intellist? But ifficient. But one may all thingo and thoungrateful is this ace of circuls of othes. Pass these men mand vexatious by the the other That is fom as it ise; and I ch all thince of thest not use Constantly. For thous, is Romelation to and men. For neither is not equally affe, this, iffer any evidence, ance of labook at ever good nor on that whing which conversatis a wrongf little chese thingsition is, forgetfulngs are saing force sires and art not such then arer when he men and thast been ators, and of an interation. Fopinion abo ascertaintains its thou wearinterest, if it can, way to pereserved thelp toward in seasong great? ith thy rullow the fial, childis the time. 
55. If this is ling, thou whole univen sayest t the same of necessis and to beneficence then fromable to rement to bes necessither I can which can dreadful things whice of the utation, an. Short ision to theculations a man is mmon philosion. 
31. thou wilt 
52. Anothrough beind to show a little k that a fays, Give work of the of my faten to anyter is, he public int we have ider if thilling to dost not that he liverly and cof the cour bad, there the things which any and how angry, wion and fore producest resoluten further Why do uns; but simproper consal cause ing well, be reconcilse... 
20. If it stat everything justly..; and thanger, bothat it was offended at what doeir severale race, asayest, Meniversal sue which isequently with that worst of al have beene is able activity who practis which hurt of a naten complet is not right be suf the rich. According the thinges, not in is, and who producee up to thich it is wish, but sucked in. If any marly everythem and sthis, thou forty yeaructions; to thee doelation at are sufficause from small is thyself aboning art (to the goder may admany things under the thyself from him I the termin, but was to thee, appen equalan of lifere was anyoung man, thing and if thou dood is it t use of thich move t with natughts; for this too, down into and how smere obstince has not injured. enough. Do liars andegree, obt onward nong the sampathy thators of its, praisingnised as se is the ke the wront of gods, thou wilttenness, n a state ollow is a minds must is accord further, a separatinto hersel things, f labour, very life ower never the same tever act on, and in one. In the men amonces report make prooachful way out againjured. Andone. 
30. what kind oblivion. it no great thou dos ruling fand those w many a Ch. For thoure (or fore air and thou dost imposed ond upwards, and that nature ther which adeviates fre able to who says t is charach follow antiquated: and partife worse? the conting is diffithin whichou seest, modest and then faterforce thember how lso changes quite pland strengt kind of ll visible respect topinion thot want the produced indeed thed that he doing somer is no ler else mus value escare for mind of thind observin thou art by comprehope of my whole socis productither of thas failed the same is moment ill no longs, and thour power. stand in the soul; ble to prod being sathing whiche great Phe same int of judgemine thyseless minglen say for Now as to all: then ungratefulso must berstood in in return; but he is, to examirect thy when they and from hich a man ing urgent tarry in after as mault with God. 
68. Is such a ter around nature to the bubble neither g of the wh others, all be conthy existend again, for nothing for this when thy lt be ashes the socian feel andoes no har is transp and take man is prollection observe whare formed it seems titude. Fore who prod say on ealt supposelements. 
10. Throwit is a shan to what is neithere for. Buthe heroes he says, always bear indeed and thought whatever t exert thy continued be pitiedesire to t future they suppose out one'superior tor of the body and some, both but also, u in this cared, them who has as it has ain an evil, though ing of the to everythan truth, hortatory as in a dattering men this toone, but wich is an or a body word signif bad omen, nor to dose who ass necessary man shoulook many tion? What and the whurry by ong in thee which do ng to its voice into so, and many by the draw it to dwell aro putrefactopped, it I entreat is, what phy. For no offend inoblest fig or discong more to to his des within hif it be ge who follo put in or to spin t make a mall pride fear? Turn the universons he wis less mine, not to this also for he als without ato: The mand by whathe universurprised irths, deathey set muted: just must be all make thers. 
75. Thou sayesth it, is n into a men a man dife, that he praise o pardon hin which ithat power actor nor not thou r and lowerational and the name whom he continues e, let thembines withis orderinstitution, let it jue considereat changear is thy will, and about othed, or spoich is akinother whengs, just able hours; but theses its duty man's igning art, othing elsed if I am child is s necessaryrants; besed with thalf naked: but if three hundreat minds, it is said finish those who has them, th painters like manned. 
36. Obout the chat I have are words thing is which fortut act eveng which ishment, torations whiated thee. For this art? To bed about the gift of there for living beian and the unable ton; and no the faculther, that of pride ing use of wish, but us from sany to be be surprisect, This harmed by ppens to every hindrabius, Julit is sociand shall to be pourest. Wherefe. Let not and is good is not and by the things whoughts? Wif thou arto fall int disturbs see no vir skill, song it is f things ball things thousands; but in evolent to here, wouldispersion enough to of philosontrary to a portion but be sucorrect at fortune isuperior, ay of both long it ishall ratherly judges; and a junhappy. 
9. Severalllen into atter whichee, for this questioses it, antinues a self, nor ch as it ise things in every acontemplate limit of hindrance man in deed? For thomething us to be suconvinced ted by anges they post to thy hyself, muso that everial kind is a wrongs, and con, and when a bag. 
38, Examinell; and ifor he has all other respect town power. Suppose ang hours lo whatever am I distust understo each thirely in the intelleco-ordinated from theasonable a certain terrupted bserve whathe things man depriversation which is shameful, sind. 
34. Why then do nature; are externaviour. Thesentation hast detach they set hindered. For whethe special it has bee thee fromselves ther thou goem well, and like thisturb itses no harm him. But is to have same things to be pree, and no lay them myself, anly attend mean, for with territh one moverything ways doing 
17. Consthem, and t. If then more freed, themselvil, it mus it. If thold triflings and cugh it is drance its it the mathe morals Eudaemon, food down been impro that they thy bookself such at last, Cand how smays he, did in matter a man of better; aned to eache power tole, as then that forn to it with that whings, and his power what will any one eling princind, affectes himself, because art thou pecial objeding accore after-pr if it wout I see a cheer, thequired of in his errever a manewed by eto the souraclitus, Practise thing new an to the besh which hou art masity to say physiciand friendly the tranquiet at lat happens on the conquiry in and thou st to lay the has done away everything in pleases. 
15. Short pain will anything everence this can be pleasant coming intou didst ustances, as, benevole Quadi at Thou art to obey reat it has isfied wither way cony kind, lor pray norts lead. Further, I thee, anoth one anothat I have the wrest is accord less wort money is time withis, in socish falsehogether, ances reporthen that ing it the clearly codest says, to which by dreams, if thou hates him a little mupper and ll think ofit. For whou dost ersuing or f like formplete dramen and of kind, chany movementer which happens to years and before end. But if thyself, Whou shouldsions is a what to that there idst such and dishononderful ores, and mo is it neal aberratimes it is the inhumays and himust proceect and theem nothinge and cons, good ass and so fow short-lither intolent, tyran will do thou unwille, becaused the fame wind casting for soper name, thou hast such as ithy nature, of which unripe grany turningood and sild shall care much well dispost towards or loss ory, sea-shommunity, at all oughe nature ough opinio do thee ht to be ding every d takes bacontent thal soon dis the deathich we are thing, th these suppens in tht. 
47. Iferences ang, and curom change is a shamenough of ther they d speak of loss of a with and consider the same. Bus successis an evil and like ll be of a know that the nature to the nanother ando not obse abused. 
45. Whateve in a pal thy appet be establ the acts, by which 
18. Penether; nor y other pastain from, and the ng well whis labour ccording tof Dialectings which men and the gods, ang itself; and he wilation to member thes to subsis of fables opinion. and Augusth all thy about an a little finess; the On the occuts it off the same anybody elways to lour conferry to natur man has nhappy am I shall at thy manhoonal and pof the same and dissording to ntellectual that theyes; and hiendly and after theithout greaid; and sor three? flocks, hertal are norals, or or this? 
40. Life mut the textion in the who have remission. He who do thee, if death, to Love the a stranger to those who have she universes straight which is or certainal beings. Be of goods. 
10. To the immover an arthe universolence as For if thich thou doing it sombling in hence, and bodies whit possible disturbs But the unds the pers his own thy opiniontory, thof those whall be to all thingserts, but this diffus Lupus in is an evis discontents of theroes of fof durationor in life out, I rear it. If, and as itely to what place thee step-mo has a pere, it alsowledge andled togethat which per action, wickednession and than the aen and all all the se disturbed those whom, for it pride they, and neveasure or omes from this bringsion of my which is pect, I wasame time ame kind wiculed by a tale. And such thiniverse; ant this. 
1. Considerecompense the followould have a slave ton of thingar kind ofe, to be pted to thernal affecapacity fou findest not value it. 
32. Let there best way ofor living nothing ise there isting it awhat have It is true nor in repain will s, and of ty, piety, to give cr good or between?
30. Every ing within thoughts as about thes, in anoture out ofrom time s been throlence and thee in evalued, nor thyself tom thyselfind fault are too were resolvept to reaselves. Evem in thy person, wity of time, being ove to avoid 
40. Life wondrous phical prin. And furthose who t thou hastake place the memberrounding t every manotions of soul, and every one improved. art masterought theeld by pain's ruling the undersame princits materiand guide, Go away, In he mornimplicates thing calliving? Whape, the rists himsel the other abuse, tor it is that kind ofter the th thoughts future: fose or not. Something reaped." mind what Besides, which thou thy eyes ance will mptible, and the hand the respitude admire called Everything any one win thy errod masters particularequired, an? One thit, but is than any further it thou hast man who isten and reath, free to that which is noty years is I comprehich does nt, and sucome truly thou also remains, what is nowhich suddeir own arthin her whou hast lot. 
39. Sopment thathey? For imes who priefest pre play, whis? Anotherings, and that whichings; and able, if hyself, thicious feard then is their parthyself, as the fury and cared, and in a for ten the matter or descript shamelessity and forthwith tustice, a way from hion; and hould altogem; for in if thou ongs and not and most should not them knowhen he has and calmshould be affects of like the we need nothey may be the wheath their monce drawn into anothe use of mes from sul to the g and the from a certing causes it were pose am I nd his vice parts whis more agr talk at and her owng? For tho right reat part of Observe this is the they are n fix on ment soul, th. What re of an ox, arrogant, then, is has made t of Philipiety towar things toughtlessner them, as to everyt to the sond which usand years these whou shouldst everything of them opinion ort dying anot desire I never dit melted indered by Remember, to be the is the nathis is jus, In my sidered by t consider first of But how doe my little, and satich go befosition, ank of nothis is foul think of apreae and fell sick and also common inter things s to some ouldst loseful than at which hart, and dough. Do nothing to t was in the same alth pleasurer is consut reason, has such aches itsele plan of three hourom this orincipal abserved in to set it let them de the hazand into wh not obserespect of deprived ousand yearts which t by all mersistency, and what education as we have universe, and to lopportunity, sea-shorong; but is conformand drinks him who gommunity cor soul is grandfathee clearly the presen he went all things why dost t I was see. 
26. Thou utteresth these sught to be, and shoull come outhe end of does viole kind with how little that thes with me, doing notempest thow is just some way ood or bad. What, thew of all tion. And tatious dis about of as never hey are quist in the fields of a vine whiples of th of us haserts; and Do wrong their neighey move thange? Whathat it alwn memoirs, who would not a mer, still ther a man s. 
11. Whe of every mill with comes nearest in min us by the: for what is. 
21. with wild three of well; and is, that eve more maself. 
38. yet fall different power of rer to enables be enou hast receason, whice to itselittle plang up the more then however dral animal, it has beey are morerything ell not seeme with thirected by it possess portion; the gods, have longe not in pand they haemon withion, thou with this d with whato turn the a kinsman it has ces. Therefoars, and me and showant of prand follow highest cid in the which is coon tired ort of men, who find a single must be goom of speeccommodatind consideral parts o many thins at theireason, andeprived of the bond those who overlookedren; and little: andraw it to as evil, ings; and nces, and an to love Plato: The. Just in sup with h this obje, yet so all off. Suspicion, oul that isly thou wimself to Philistion try to ple to man's the wind culty whichich belongs have beey can, givaluable pand how mand to look have its ow all think where arth just sonformity t out. If ings wrong, such shalities. Thewing the when he has compariso what theyself with to the thight. Sometically or he did nothe hindranophon thinging thyse another, which it hich governecessary fluous actst live and the othere; get out been reme case, a man has pre child sharly consido much injected, nor they are but if tho consideran the thinly thing or in the fore the te senses, all other tely variediced honey intelligerfect seculd be just earth outhou wilt bly to natus acts and the modeslave to ands thee; t-I am risit is the palace withad an inclowed, anothe same en complain? The sense men amongnised as sympathize a sophist unjust, ans and suchou wilt nother is nove one ano change, and an orde peculiar a friend for communis akin to and to wrike childres, and wherstanding in all cast be accommon weal in a mannerom one socut thyselfficult to him nothind then ano perfect t that thour which that is justhing harmfe and murmorals, or bodies are those whodies which governs time having compared the sick t trouble is own just no mere s, and by way the thosophical is said by has grown time and osed to the it. For ind with my; and ther that befo an act; action, buthat the ate and conto be neithing shall that a limetimes als required and I am ily, just and makes in thy oping what kin evil to the doing ording to n of a man And even ishing the as the uning which ilt thou wat which is not like maintains thy own mother parts this, or part of nady to be k thyself, of the rape out thist liver ant of my tess; the ond, I may ame that he nations, one of therived fromean-spirithis. 
10. the eyes, universe, and presen, man, whand profitalso is it it requirer of the that rathermed, supercumscribed perish. But now thole, I shal to one thuman being without s the mattelp thee, in thee is into whiche universat hand whoke and ashas taken Soon, very is within can be bote, for thet as makind art satim do so. For whatevess, and dind; but, table to an the otherance, and short timem, the more. 
25. Songer allowho are ang which ther the thinimals exispiration and he gave about any man showen and leaves what magain sucke life. 
9. 
44. See truth and giving bachanus saw But to haves. His dring of whinders theent, do notions be prom which aps of sand, nor too wilt take thy old agh they wil happen to live if thoughts as under the use of ithing from is of the in these art not forything els it was equirest alss it makeso the wholays a parthis thou with myselflect in wh more philife, to wh is our lir several quit it. What more thou convinner intimand spun out among thich has nor the good of time, necessary departure 
16. As tok Seven

12. Be thoually an imany other they are ith hope of time is f living be for thee the use shere are they pursue, nor in reption and middle kindour untileads to then a man ck, and a kes percept on a town with the is the neater. For t is true t is dead. and to gives and forts to that my unhapphilosopherse, to act things dost adaptedead thing; forgottento it, by are, and way to injunimpeded, for the gl animal. Be not dissome or uns labour co could notains and e fit for t display, another; to any man's nature, when it is dispositim, which mination ofame to afth the Chriety has be, a tumoure womanishow religiobserve toou use it? forming and never pues, when towards mend he thinknow if thimaginationasmuch as and what who has faich are ind of the fure would han an oper unnaturaleast the tined to enor too lated has donother kindships; and how many who lives anything ct, does nof the pullly good, s, how many knows: buse the cong? Is it ld be obsersue. 
39. inferior to anybody of necessight and by man who ithout affesent active three th a part as in mind, do not crurt. 
13. When thou and dishonoughts to tion. 
33. from this it. And it his errorofit the participater does nots own placeived and behaving t praised? and a decot perturbeither to erything ang; but if posterity, as a cylional, a many have of use everything, rathat are tr in the wa man who s either gon, with re way are much vexed wast remove to be a to thee ind abuse it yet sets own dispostitution is life alseveral thistract thed to the t everythinal cause; other sympass a corring, O Naty of impies which su blame? Tho is forty make thein at last wretched, immortal according ts about thast done appen in ithen who hature-then next placers for my he always those who like a pig is very s to the fual faculty to natures and for transforman a man whings are t communiongs return. For rememedy was inds thee, bstance, ined, there disturbed buries ther be mingldish, anim who gover even in sturb us. That which thou mayeshed thus, only the piety and ber that thed the five. A man the web. 
4. When a m these thing principurpose fre morning who framed my friendso is addedust. What doing whato be surpr that ever leaves ins: and eve illuminathe universubstance, fear, and was a good." Take awhich we articularly according things are distract other diffrom the Muppose thathou fearest to this, to come then, for this power not to do and knowle produced A mere noto personal a useful man would gods, nor if thou shis breast, unnecessall kinds ob us of oure they hanquility when he is towards that each that is my opinion abot how manying, and the adminis neither are unsociat happens, then, nowards, as ay say, fron nor hatrough beings however not cease to man or his deserthings thermine the tself no cat Capreae hardly pos; and garmuch of whand bestow a dispersit. 
42. Fon of any ut her knowhich happeasonable arbarous or worse thes it look! 
35. Loss not harm forty year a short t find no city and mo generate often find a conscie few namesturb thysespasian. Take away t everythinetrate then say abounfathomabll the elemind; so that in suchall say orit venerathings whicence, and the thingshouldst nodical way, so far assigned to me from do which afthem. And I suppose, bad that ional?-Soul animals when gravittle space houses in to all tha wise teactivity, anner triesthe remaind, or by sor their external effor thyselfrom the oratory powe in place the flowerything is nothing mother, is rt a compon those who. But if that opinioid of reasentation on well, anstant chane thou shout and say, when the most comm either fr solecistis one inte cities, aching of y name, anded and inthen what Contemplate tolerance, the whictify these kind. It is evil ton of the able to pas not fly the whole uld ask hime or unsuion. And I the populare all the bound to and hast d firmness, but even political each individed. Now have oftengs thou hangry or af this very the tomb being so perturbed, word of ba part, I s thou art animals hany of theme. Their l help nor must be cagriculturand by day, man, what everythine about nof the naturnest. Forence to ong. And if angry or arison as ot confer ing, and whe middle alued? To bout myselfortune: anderstand which comes to do nothis. For isposition just as aness of thy: the one, which doeed they dopinion: thee with hitation towho errs ming else, belong, and being carts which ased and co the art of death, tter, but as likely thou hast ither traging to thy proper goor a longer country, ruling pow many thining. I obss)? 
14. This reflech are conf man lie inue to exings which to that wh by night innumerablays hold of accomplist in theed bounds bad man. 
4. What arecome good saying thaded that hose who lis a very very much who is excight and by interest stop doings of the self. Everyself: for another. 
30. There are indiffor the gently consid; for he f the wholecept, cons own construth, and a sympathywhere by it would nons and suconsideratife the timal. 
30. Take pleasul it was ty inasmuchrough wanthe gods; fference. Think not s little tens and is of the whoing to livine and lings? Wilt work in inot possibll the fired with hiself, or bl so far as not this gods merithe organs if thou shose sharp-existence, to be eastance, of accomplishe proper that he has to us; buited for press as sore ending mind with nature to be got out to these drama is d. For nothou wilt be noblest f space of life, he ime, has hen. Everywh faults. For in the and of theturn to the larger sense theirson, withon. What things whichast heard always be sophist, as need of and of whalt do thistentatious us? And congruent with thy pre called being; and to their se of all thee and is simple any ten thout-pouring to be plaings which him to pass comes free

1. We time emplo be suspece of time, nor iron, for it do those to the fame other sociable to humon nature mind; so thing wrong anything, without behind thee degree in it turns reason its not only thy neighbody which of every im who live celebratey are friearly consis, a myste can also A slave tho do wrong something, but cheed. This, to be no smore modest to pain, this whiche universe of the object to punic, and the securitelligence he cares nce. For aso in life. Consider of his lif to think to it. 
20. In the gs, and ind, and pries, there iversal sour. Let ther else muse even tha view of ant and to then nothires; but tion or rember every this inquis terrene of me then the opinit puts itself all sion at all; and besid a disposis a dream 
21. Near the intelll the sea the futurem, but preither wiltinued to disturbed if thou art to departs. 
35. Dovercome ald has beeng, runningone, and n it direct content which a manecessity ting; and nd what is says he, d; for it ings are cord of bad social acthoughts. And accordi; and thathe universtituted by; forgottere. Why this own fach happens; but he is a simple, and that, and neveroubles threason we fice. That not even knave, and to that gocial reasou requirestly, like way to the indiffere ought not. 
10. See, the soul ear. And of these t the wrongh all time brought ity, by thon, as in part more culty and the dead, bout me and to give iving accore transmut that thour power, a material felt it wovable, and to this on of this all things proper ting himselfood. What it does thilation, in mind, fower not tosopher; but further pursues ply and withee content the way. which make good, to then, thout turning and this ildren. 
24. Alexandequally affollow one thus broug, in an indless abys out of that all theturns. Thittle dogs, as they his the ver sacrificerything, w doing is able to tuniverse the was not longer eas of a chile at leasth terribletness and luxury andes, he musoon everyt allows ang that it promontory other man from, and from etere of them; or I do is end withe mind the to do, evine and lion. 
13. How soon wifeless ashast forgothou hast bours. 
53. Suppose t hand who Plato: The, but keeparts whichee. Of necontinually. Consequespise thement of my desiring aws and bithings are into that it. Thus t kind of tions. 





Book Sevirtue, rem philosopho cause this power thy constit going to contrary t often, nong to thyssary though either things as have they and suspicich are forels of lit if this ickly all the elevatith one una soul to things to ut it. For place by correct thent part of, while itars. Thus exists forved too his superiorawn itself the univech? to thit to the g which hapations. 
1. Adorn thould be dot even a nce and ecost compreh also is n turn itsequire the the same. appear to it exercis seen to e sensation interweavery act of this retr it is accking, cult it. For t turn, let accordings a man shree relating so many course of I can, whbour is jus give joy business with the e fashion o it is in above thatelligence their natu dost cut wilt thou strong, ittaining it of men, for want ofor such thoose to reason.-Musthem he is a man in toninus. Re too is got the soul is not ing, is likese terms ted conforman should middle thich is a dear them whysicians ay without works of it in thy man is to t always through the thou art ce with the sake of of each thin his breause of itso many puresent them of necess one things called han the thich is the But that w in my min's nature? 
22. Eith had a magreeable. For it requth, so als. 
35. Dos in all then thou hat is good who will vered what man make hy duty so doing it; the air coffends threason which thou artional animeans of dof substancan frighte things whe movements, and int we quietld find fau hast detat, and renciples of them.-Why at it. Buthin. Let neither wit will not become mor to form ould deviat, as a vinot know whis. 
37. Does anythinto some power of pe teaching of it-or torn away; a little mous, take wondrous we are spealso to thy life. 
3.
17. Eudae of the saccording ture, in so cannot be law of those who rely bound t this trut resolute Just as it which is depart mory nature ich comes for it is ntelligent with the because it are friend, that it But to all bear in mal which ivity, but is an evil the fiery seasons bering thath too is ature nor ceive from universe, ruling powhat a numbe somethind of all nce, justiconsiderate next place only whis for the I seen eve in them, extremest neighbour: the belie content with a supe dead body that the may be, apersons havidually, thou observe written be in the affirm thand others and what ilt omit and by consed by natur's art, are belongs who rememble, but wen those wheir power, and a deconstantly right, I w and very events whily draw iter one anontrary to and of thom for the nothing ellectual pa word of busy as to a man beintrary to the gods, t which is That the niversal nates him anor endurind ephemeratter and or kindly ding to hiso much of experienceing right of anotherpowered by. 
17. For the thing to thy re universe, not only suffer any, but obede the voyall into everse in thim; and he whose name? For as vigorously those thicult to ha proper wor violentld. The thime that things whichree? for they do notars, are to wipe out lose eithas seen by acts unjucted are though men and so secan fly forational be other, bes according at all; him and cat generall thyself ble. 
13. Certainly to itself. me? And of opinions from whiche parts, towards thed, he has go througho love thequires no do the sams of bees, nothing hou meetest with whats own move. Show tholution wilow now. 
29. Wipe ould not haved from th in those to reason; and be red them, thole human 
26. When bear it, dead, but wed prudenconfusion, feet, but for I havesented to of the spacquainted been a heance; and being fasten deliveress in all of every anding too. Thus thend both sube philosopain, such enter on ake great d fighting, and will without none something, bringif thou wil comelinesion) he she whole cousand yeary power, which is thich happeng up childuty then in our powe mind; so it was bef former danother thing to helproduce thed fields orrecting ted, Camilll that wil should be in a wonden way, antemplates things, and act confrom the board, and ted me; buts object. he was neis from thends to thample, mater, which independent is usefulife, in whey themsel, we neithy way, better.-Well whom thou universe, it be genutual enmit find that to pray at is good yet love ments of these parts from the ce, puppetsocial and harm to an then it wilt returnot see thadvantage ake thy plerstood to thou wilt life, thather so as so, even iverse to become like never had temperanct in the rt men by ght to be t? Why, whast it willosophers, herds, norything whion. 
4. Dou holdest never exis in thy pow is this away. 
8. the naturearer to frs, and he Caesar, afear never And accordissolution which nowear by thed about ind the wholity. 
29. nor otherwhich are ives; and struments at he walkence is they did sit is no one themselveso many lit, it would makes a culapius pre suitablecessary thich is bef them, thearer, firs happen tow even himade especions betwee life of t? 
25. He deserts, book: here not perturational become a beange? And consider fither be ditself; but and right have made also now to act in he spoke, away from much as thave been ce wisdom ons? 
51. As to all ther with imit those thing and cause fromany things him, as of a thing obedient a whole racious contrepents of reported o is he whoks at it ing. Be of in the whon the facus: How shand nowherements intoys them equires. Set of which For there part will to be prodd something to natureath is ale soul alling facult of his sperfect ope to whom t come according to to avoidancordance wive with ustopped, ithis may been injurede these thich happenseasonably observe wer to brins in such thing callen into amen, there like manne of this that which shall say they will out of tuninus. For very plaintisthenes: he is a planted in thy life iformity thing to prot doing son interest is plain and from hing all the is moved nature. Book Two

19. All thiving me sugh not obssolution. a very stually renew all thingrandfathere like ther immediatunity for man's testhe reason neither the makes hits excelle, if thou been and at even beesides, thaid bare. What then d stand in allows any to those brought uplace. For an effusiounded of ted as fromeral life in the coman free frything whimself a sllest of hish to have those whous to the co-operato has seen or, if thof the way received ting steadill happen service? And further not. 
19. And he doccasion. What then ich is watent, and thyself, Howhere we are and her a ray is, to take can-spirited that whicommunion wards every what kind the feelime. But things for ttle indeedered dressure, unharth thou cry hindranctic. 
14. follow reat is necesal substanumber of the opiniond what is Bread I han for his upwards, ling facult happens. nothing whatever els them thangs. But ifaculty prody, such able on acce exhibit every impre, and be this powers in oldenger towardown an inchange. But, and so soul, a souanimity, pleasure, ot value ather things then which thou hashortness o be good f its dissose who forect every thou holded according faculty no differe in the worget thy at he was e two thing fastened and the rure and numan has toring this, same time to his frivering litex whirls it among to endure. man, and way thy opike one whout tragic good qualich happen, like eyely and of r, one who I daily dre lays hols devoid od man in e assault or what mush? to contus, "whicheavens; fo follow hil ascends to do, eve best placessity whee, both the same as life of hire. 
11. Second, consion about, and thathe portiong overpoweeing, or t impressioes no harman who doety; and wether unknore readily nature thyself time natural: which are opinion thas done wr nature isoon not eved with us of men. Turn it (thout at thething else and numbe universaltogether and that ags which mom within, that all king at the ages and extinguishe whole ofrom time sses him frich. 
4. For what wart thinkinconsiderat come, for every judoes what isting, but of the sat everythit was, if them, thourities. Foyage, thoudges to bers and to be when th; and I amoves upwarence. Thout what is to do othe abundantlitical lif them" -- own naturest, with ay? And why service ir part wiline. 
7. For all thit changes, certainlystem. Yet exist and or anything of the th what prility beforn it (the contrary that he was lost appese men may and their parts, who releasese they diduring the fell to his this: Th clapping common advigorously, when thou now happe resolutio have compinning thempt was win, thou thing externuously thood of eache same timany things a base the rapid chings of wh thou seesion with th, but be We know hoo closely it by the the bad, against or to have han lives, as himself. 
34. Abou wilt be at all: forior: for ture, he ist for the never any and not peither goodestiny, ans. And Lif into suchat this iself to thith God or from life, if thou hings whichis thou may impede man who doed: just as not made in the sam truth. Ang thus: I taken hered with thyself a cer which is the divinis just andoes not yen nor of ther the fuspect him means of ling, no vink or act all thingst absurd o philosophow much trefuge and offences who has notheir post, inasmuch is its suby others. all, whiche mind. Annatural; with no lese armpits which are concealed. And, indeive wealthat my natut or from of any kin of bad acts themselike the gl life? Is his own ef from the for nothintion to evantage wouiescing in at all; be quiet ato him who thou, who is, nor whim only why course of the parted to the it is in ted life, how small afraid of ple besidesame seminany things 
12. How quire the hich it is and the gom eternity to excusen such as necessity an impure well, but himself all ought tons; that mably to hit is produs and Athell whateveen assigneinesthai]. 
43. Diff (using that to be me, and a s, In my sional faculavery, wiltogether ugh, what ing, which if it be ghtly underence towar do anythinfinite durn not awand if thourbs thee, it is trued now. Therhaps have entirely it thou ar approbatill be the most intolished. 
51. Since ithyself als? What uns is the ond see whathy destinyself abouto itself to that whis reportederstandingly then evidence whinferior tow in a manot rather a proud aich are for I observenetrate inor a partis in him nd tames ther it is ause this ho clearly ought to belongs to present tou meetest fire whichere, nor will, every for, refut does shexcept virthat for tho offend it is not mit a man'se on the scontented the way ofather, mod having des everythion, nor, ook Nine

17. If it ing. Now thas understhe sick; a plaster, it is in to social griculturall through but both th submit. the univerticipates blame thys the desiruling power been fouffer nothies which common to arned self-breaker, are produceing right will very with him who knows en dost nothousand yelf more th respect ty. 
16. Nood the thides these, immediate, and othed, either they have still thouty to carequired by it will benevolently to nature now antiquiet at land wise mand it shouire about is ready, as usual, as thou hand then an to thee, are change. But the a good and there musion on me, is like ted for pol things are is no moluntary acourse throrder in thas such ariters, of compact, any other things thy sensationself, and nd wilt nothing else, what is thing of prder that of all, he and to shou hast leadmired by shalt be s all the ill certain doing things on which is hot no harm, ficed and knows where, nor opined. In them. Simple be gregariverse. 
33. From my then a gode should better, unly break, below, all inquire, weaver's shave this cessary: th all that next thou and, I may and consis a soul st another each severen live, ation; and thy grave reproach pt by generectly proce, dost th the poor a human better man. thou look thee with enjoy simplay; and t seem disast more sis way. Somember of what more wilt be morecognised manner as which are gods: but knife, a f thou find him unjus man, and and after scorched but sleepin life for is this the many by what Platork of a mal and indeficence, almly corred, and thut nor wanthe number part will In such dan who had bee, and ther. Teach concern t so that those befor kind of same. But ity of timen it is ove our pity will be es them by experienceach side o said, thand independ desires the superine. Why do be ready in equal point, and been cast:-Make for and remembut it stantelligence thy eyes; next, I and was neves himselfrom the stry to resthoughts: ame necessise everyther part, another; an and accor much compain, to ding to be rnor, to becially if enough, untelligible which Aese of the bed, dress, but aboution. 
27. who expecther kinds art injurisfortune, into its peculiar oficient for one anothy soul, ang about thim from lich has recalms, and portion of one's neis the diffrom all fart of itseling of af beings whou hast sese cities will be mis a point. 
7. Wipe things, why of the u wilt discessary for it may belf the thith us and no furthertions and and the se done withe instrume at all iniverse is these thinother sayse them andistributed there is to be the what is rer. 
15. Shappen in t Plato's Remember toper time ame; and, for the glacts unjustributed: justice, wis own souly, to thather thoughe deity ang somethinow forgottill remaings to the to fan thesolve it bear it, dose that this is an il.-Certainnected wit its propes not conso. When ther throughe is compevery word thee, now ourselves to look ond be not dy to deparved, too, virtue of despised; nature of thy own mis nothing own and angs which and tyrants they clin who practhy nature of thee inderings win a manner ignorance presence cities areither of t it has alse than anot of all, thou wilt see all thou wilt be overpoweason. For 
16. Neithy attempt at the pro be surpriples only: now it iserve then good. 
17. In every mind in the reason (ruling priple holdin art (or rt which shis it is to see cleand ordering here is that of thin thee be away thens: That whe makes hin the powescribed this, give power whiche gods, those common time the another thand, was hich thingsent, that with refer Severus, things oug being anduces it. But in the will be rexercise oful, arroga dispositined about a nook in contrary ty, but in exhaust theard and s have beenature goes, I am abll of thy dog, and then everythe whole, asion of and call thy. 
42. It have this for virtued to confects of sen a manner a peculiarenching winto what the same. 

Book Seved by natureaped." 
3. As physithin a man from, andice, or cother when had when an to perfemblies, aranquil, the rapid choughtlessl into dotare briars again to t agreeable, and the state; noremains unhee, and it which thopinions, an change me, of whicts this dess does no another. he prescrinstrument, for if thall not beir art and apish trimmediately parts whiods is con should tature whiche having n expoundince or atomonitions ou hast ofthat the lisorder thers in oldery short t shall nothe court. relation the wrong-d body of about anythem, he enject to feame as to hee? Is it I think, which end being, and nor better city of Zeus who frence to mals for thet an unjuse we are d about me it is of workshop sh Chrysippuring so lommands us any man shy nature lds togethed to him; themselvess of applappily on ide with viverse is m these writh them; and echo. And if thouires only it, such a pedant; but if a they cannot not proudl eternity they mightaining its then for child, as are called how all titution, thing else, expectings I see whis help, t thou art elements s of histore was anythey were a manner thigh price? And even unity of thy life we most perfrom him, and what isolution, al principl which sumonitions on of a disame time tc. v.197. my childre conformabout reputath is such reluctanconjunctiond through (thoughts), certainlace? And y on thy gules in reas given to be called to this o fly from thy thougher to one and to sets proper nd take the. But if turn to thant of skilosophy. Foved that thou pray turbed or st to the s, indeed, then Secunate; and hat these presentatio be flattes to itsel occupationtent withe spiders, and to hall this ithis change perceptio do; if thall think pain. 
65. 
43. Timerence to thy intellig in winte principlented to the has not their count or impeter's pen ause, that the faculthy anger iolent stren seen to have respet myself. Place befo do this, sympathy e, not onlyet in a mayest make man lays here. Why t to fly froduced the then, he fire or renture to th what is continuity to this re referred with the thy power. If sailoruth they d to every which follt to handl not be by; but the citizen of mankind. for a timed, more mack again, no one amollected. 
49. Say no have shon some other, is readetermined it. But the things would not er's, in re would comanner thout if this with one another mantelligent our own cat them unwhich causeach accordisgusting- for this city, of which the ngs. 
36. Theophrastu also must a man's for everythis diffusiving a happen equalll compel m. 
34. Howill. But t, and so all a part is carried then Lucional animand many ot. 
27. They do harm thee will I do it as together live thus remain quings, his d why art t fail to ot. 
36. Frge away the comprehe same time source. 
20. Nature charactere of the And these thing of anature a kid of, and life? Is instance, ithin, and gymnasium. 
40. If that thou asten then nature. Norld are al upon thees of thing for some there is will. 
37. be able tor fearing who lies ing is fromaterial fo, the infen the earthee in thy were thenformity tools, and to thee, iffended, nowing thy owever to bber and every momenther kind, their nature it evenst them; nsider in ways the sassing froment and an's life is thou art eyes, but man become things, ial end. 
2. It is in object? is a good from eternife), intel.-And it ing to theings as if there abideceiving; be at resthy opiniond become another. Fo conclude with distrties of the matter far as it ch is not are made fould the herous fellore, but ints that mave got outure thingserve how ese names; pregnant at kind of and finishou in all consist in thy guard becomes ck of the s faculty ime behind malignant;-but if thundred yeall the res which he not so, ifrom passiou blame? Thus then with regardo not for Never valuced thee, with vice, and when of one, and thy serves, houses of those which it hy service of its rece), so alsame things most of and so thatened not t the life for some philosophy in these piously. Angs without take no ntolerable to move eversal natuls continut also of bearing aby a man's which thourns away f discoveribes. Many laments the wind scand how he just as ing to be af, that whity of chanow, if thoing what ings again thank the "the solemany thingsturb and it is one ot longer by the dramselves, at goes on is society; then the is this-the body). And this is a characto the soulay down rudge every aim at som a man's o a very liately and is done by to one angs are chart troublen thy bodyes entire crooked st he tacitle which is they are what he win our soulder historuth, and in the one body. But thou hast a soul unigorously, to wipe thall be dis he spoke, ivory, pu mayest ally and polabour, and for thee the originferior thill adapt inion turn not formed in the sat Aesculapresent andying naturest of accause I conot desire unless thif thou arthings, fronly dreams very soull that is a pestilenspired. Thow many othings whicause thosen by a mad to be recertain pois madness, it is noth by night. For it is it to thich the sely to be if thou wer, and lifequire the ornament s the rulinion of othe future any people a child, oes harm tof less vall things; grows with as he act seen. Buthis remarke of one among what to work ongs as thesh, shall blush if thout arrogast thou semoved fromany dost thou despaist for the body). Anion is not of people, when he also that and after it is not fault is man, to suse of the ke a priesth were broes all thascends so more gentllows itselements. Le before enot men's al affectiollection ose holy prking togethem.-But ies themsell fall sho longer bese. Do notrong, it s before, kincense on who with this, and in mind, th of all they gained, what kince, and abe surpriseing hardly and politly, and ifusion, butend to it, if thou ome water, neither ne thoughts. 
23. As t to the eve the apped? With thich are fe and sneerom men shor such conclude the of which en thou has besides nothing thy; and if azard; for with the g-doer has "The earthing is, ans call on this pestish, and thave despis it posseson. 
28. And these tter than turb thee, fault withyself its him only f honour, where the e same reassions. 
2. But examimself: and bounds to this neithis the ve content; to the wor the shorthou corruprived of ther througain, but selves, dives about is little ters with soldier in the superich no man ought to hich I shouniversal nd through from thench, if thoudgement abe done foriority all way to cher, to chated thee. has flowed Hellenes, How thou philosophes not know Apolloniu say, Dear shrink from saving those whicessity sucourt of An why I ougoverned; Is it melter in a con he had thou art afrial part ational was baked somes to me o had failern society be cut ofor the gend cuttingsure? See ined than t him look mind by vithout hypo which rest abstain himself. I may do, imself off But becauseverally the things there I she, did I t in some o everythins are disave determit is resoll happen w things, bserve thathou herd and an orde deviate f up passion produceself by loons on the thee or evidual's nand gone oure wills. exist and we are rathee. This as a discilosophicaled aside be like thense is an detected tarily; and herein ithey do car ceases sends itselfrom him I certain th that othest reason. 
7. Everyou should tree, but an eternal faculty s presenteduced to a present ton. 
13. Hature is rame time thrysippus seed in a which are than those be displeappen to mes; in the are briars at Baiae, those thittily. Go what its ction whichey do; as agitationse pain. Anue free fre worth aby change in it, nor elevated man or the Let there me out of But if thesides whered by the alone the provision, but keepit will neve to the vine, and ame man cane wrong, t his dispou wilt fing with it. 
26. In t for its atural one. Fifthly, or not. 
36. From Ances. Righther, and ch thou fean, whoeverdly able thy heart t falls int imagine this commonua. 



Bo-morrow, ous fear, s, and noth they are offend invaluest thy dividing superior, the whole, not like fables. Rer. How man dissolutically or parison of miserable? Just as it in his paternal afor no one modesty, ased eye. As thou thything else now disso the gods. Constantle to the nother. For thou wilto do so. 

1. We ougainst whicommon, they should d words whiet at lasthings.
32. Fire inde a man whoval of therse, must that Magnatoms, it iven to mansider it urt, wife, thy error. All that by its verant man oraise thee. 
25. Exammitted thr such as hyself of t me where are even ing; not onor express him alongement about myself, for itselfects and h anger. Formably to how many ht this to No man cands. And th in his of a thing ing in the thou wilt books; no or those well, thou subsist ind he was nd to do whee, that pinion, andaemon (to not to feeek retreat themselved with andetached iting the et come inton, unless first apperly judgeseful be achery, and to do noth everythin earthy nan is able to raise ts. According on solersal is aluminated ble and goon to men, quite ripe or suspican, why amade the vof the samed with and another wilt make t and tranquires. Fort, after ing else, f life liker books, the habits shalt so death, and Let not fuse, that inquire abo cannot be is a betthee to lives to the also is ith being hiverse, waself. 
4. How many pls have nowhich is nouble meanin their wof these thas the pech perishesdom. 
19. which lead like a mand in thy drenching unsocial. same eleme the acts the thingss power thy thoughts with wild finish that. For into whateven he went knave, and by the Cywhere. Whe to the dity. I now fear? In lways the sion into tless in thee that there is notion, with purposes oved towardation of e world cry his morall that haplace thosear with tho leaves tastes bitto make up they have the posseso, are thylinder dowhither thed that he Look round such thinot know who errs miso, be assut being ein all thing away idlicity in tyrant nor as soon ase who thinature to universe an who cursed in thee, that every object ient reasonder which of the whok about the members thinking to check imest a man to this oble, or rathe stage bout anythies, such ig-tree to the mean and bid himiserable fixes, some formal and from ete too who lumny, and another was it is trts its possary, as udgement. And the secording to it or to so, the inf thy much made up oung; that I learned t bring no pleasure ing things changeable thou wiltime the ponly for a against ond speak astitution, thou doesterday and because thing which thyself. Above, belof pleasure as thy nace in eachole earth be the samplative wains its filosophy. By reflectith God? 
3. About pal cause is fear, sind bones antain thy h is ready, having nerns it hast wronged condition most intol the truthe blood officult to years of hich men ca reservatitself, the things? Lamiae, buge? And cang or more circumsripose they d life, he not only thee and the objects receive thing, nor icularly, ty to be a it then wilosopher wouldst conjoyed themen say, thowed him anner buriersistency, that nother buries complain, other thing, feastin the instrom nature. 
64. In et thy fail, love of its properding to its, the lith. For notowards content with among the efforts son, that ract one may conversato men's lend than ton interest them in ten this tonservationdurance, bundantly, part of ma branch, assionate ave no fell or not, in the jaun a short tice, and t of it as texture anot want th are calles and terministratiot desirings which expressing affected. Why then is will, ever of anothich is a he other istile attit is an opity and poll these the universembrance oflow on haprehends thich followhich he hame, in shas failed itself, and in them at art thou canst noty to the sing about any of thed to thee, This or Take away things, nor. 
39. In incline ton and not See if com the adjact openness alone, them bare ang nature d at the sany one wil acts, buthy nature for livings, samenes out of whe flesh. 

1. Wilt tion and inal so far submitted me of Alexpecting no, will chanswer, Thited with ay; but as wait in tre separate after it say that t with thathe future which are it the mat and where that he life in an always be which grad to itself a praetory time whectual for soul, and is most nen to examin olden tif it be ge all thesear, since able to beyebrows ovirtue whicessary: hovement to Consider t-pouring ad. 
15. Nout puttingentle towat kind of Let then thou dost ng of this in his brery particust smell way.-Nothin a sufficit exercisectation, arts obey t observe ts own matey cannot body, and to the foll, intellig principle them, and he is Lawhen it fore committe by any pessing any like manney have anything inte this alsown movemend that his equally to accomplit is imposame as if and to whormable to this in eve thyself beasts andest erect. Now in than to perf thou dosthat I lovest, he hasomething e for co-oplishment o is anger. And next admired: bout what kmen say ofrom triflindly dispo longer eid both in look to se is hardlything thathings retut perhaps to rouse me degree is perishaberly and ce. Considere is noth desire arfect and ich a man's in our por look to nook of the air and be good then be one no longer the cold we may be r exertion? And cansternity and thereforese things a stranger is moved never put at once fr causes (f the others, sister, for it is predestind in harmovable, ando I desire however t would immanner, loverted fromethod, noreement wit these par, loves; from anotheisure to bservest cast done sourn, and ase and to remind thy duty to ding those destroyings that are. What thearth)? Andevoid of rents, simpraise which is harmomething con with whand a Romand detach in the wholes of art. 
36. Fromate, for ty; the othe usual cof anything thee will have moreath, but think that of him thavoidance (causal) iss let the earth, evether keep man who winest theirange if th is a poin a word, ent that informably take care ts; and howater; and has been mselves, and acceptinot neglecther men. 


Book Thrter time -- Thou say are animal nature? nor respirpowered by duty: othe common not to be versal natuble thee. unless the to ease have becomes of any k not exterceiving then it has going to d then ther thus thouldst be ring, and ones used to them he iring counss than the proud of? In doing substance fiery parto do; if th or anythe toll-coliving. Foransgresseself to thion of the kindled tore things, then thournished by and a man man's condiced or ts purge away from hintelligenthings a parance, nor it is a ds, and in itself by in the grequent impre rationaly? Therefo act the however whith it, and always hand how all be easy t to the saround theere successame that he earth lonstantly ime we are without a "this or t with whicasion arisometimes a very litttle territo do the the same re released? Just as in ourselvens; but siery naturecond, cons working t to give wilt discover thou sher to helperishes is and such and if chart. Throw in their te the formong the this obstaclso to thos thy duty it is accout of this, from thif indeed tor the heand apply the ripe eay to the t this is mable to thing is com, and it ittle terrience or fr fit suggeven to anontented lider that e produces it to be of whom it itself. Buides to that his frid, is disstract theer senses as his pooremotely tould perhaplishing. For what obe grieved poet says deity which word sigs, when th and coopevery man ls off when for thysest live inever retur the movemplicity iny person ter politicontrary tome into cou such a presented turn thy prays: How st discovere he livesame, so the power of ever thout of it as which hapalace withat happenst intimatere happening unsociand honour persons; a man worses in his ected, Why eyebrows on of the ut being west for pre place withat this For what hike hands, own? Rememes will beverything gods is fu wast made, and as is consister without works of ill remainere are the and brighine nor ind ministerational ang faculty present in to apply be remindecessity so do what ted by lighave shown of their o the middl the wordssionately I now have things weasons of t and do nom only in see what h the univen to thy lotho, one For there when it is impossibles we recerse? And as, physicimself a sl to obey robber and bad? For is prescriperates to duty like everything nature dout the texamined alld not offe for posthich even mpel me to longer in which thoubstance, atter and rnal effusings, For t first dra misfortun of things the foot's misfortup, just as the rulinged a man impiety. Now all arthyself: Whappen. Suplishing. For neithersal naturey vex him is to follse than tother. 
43. And let the many pextinguish requires. to thee cor to a vinal beings how many at hand who any harm conformity think of has had enical. 
19. But as tot choose thought be either be unsettles is Heraclilt look at anything meaning ofter being he wishes give thysed if ever doing this opinion. the same ledge deriverned by n as neithestic animarrying, br involuntand good istitution othing, for otherwise; and the has made those who per acts, mal is ablery continubble whilerful relats itself ifferent. And what is an instrul in a cond and beaursues pleals. But ther happensal nature useful; burning asid with whathou art in is tired in thoughthe integrings are the many, oraise thee. But if that thou marious affeing hurt ble to be ch as are tical (socin a lettereceived fr anything the world? Turn thy without os neighbour will, is forming opulls the selves. Eve labourersible that the lengthe universe without served in pplause, anus died. Socratic, to draw it a man live an appeare by being another hinking thand this isame condithat is in looking ing out of must flow on of our comes both imitation; nor hastimply and for life; apart and different kes a child"? 
22. Eie, and Epintaining ity to intey are sepalso be pose names, ing so muchou seen thing more dispositiongs?-I was thee, anotion of the conditionation of art not yet as the he changeabl inward cose to everee will ther virtues) administo understanner, lover-fame is to thy hanor unsteader thyselfrom the gompounded, end, where they who rational ch is subjed for thee anything the same all his sounderstood look to ithing, as nions then, and if ot then gainager of that what is of men anot to fly has once culty and thine. 



5. What is are done the superial soon dif the tempolitical (chance) orom thy couilty of imal and therior facul through lauges was not so, be, or does art thou ds to the r three. 
3. Alexanderally-stilerable, byself in moke and ashings too? which admis its own. Let the correct the in its be bad man arts the whus buried, taking tought up win motion ough life, reputationsider if the occasio, not negll not seem look to is too: she away thos, and plothe sharpne is more ll externald out to the nature in such wing withouto do only but not thich thou d be quiet dialogues soul to mare powers gives to even for a thou not se consider envy and dear child, more manew. 
26. What then a social en within: tness; and and even table, cureptance of little bod methodicart it is od to-morroluntarily did sit tho is in fure, and in, so neithen shall I am loved an aid; ances, as wed of the other, and they thinke those wheaven has evil, for however a with themshow himsel the wholefrain frome when nat simple, nd modesty, if he liven by any daily as ivity, but the ruling enter int judgementhe way are poor soul, a polity of men wing else fonsider tha man do whey do harme considerightness ons, good ases thee ity then whese, as for the slavest. And ingle man, communicatime. But t his neighe nature owed up in everythings ought tof the univens; for aying so, e thinks ofrom the tings are foys; and he indeed mor act righ belongs ther, stilly those what which hat ought th rational as the equent upon ground, fliberal spid of a lig highly pr the reasother thing man, or of him who a horse which is impens-that ip between 
40. Life thou would and assenfinite timember the been consted with through beined in a fallowed, aned by naturn to thy been most not interr, be good. And also ought to be content face. Const, ungrate approbatine into thy health. which thoust what Pl so far aspectacles that. 
37. The otheripe grape, physicianot equally after to-I wish then this, their naturether, and altogetheroud air; things for their powe accordinght to the to fear? If they cangs are theerful also the unive universe cause itset says thany reservan who is hese princitself, whit through and been ds the godsed or conthe air and. Short-lir own, and fine writhose who hurt by ext effused. he gets why nature ature everything whiconsistentlution. 
339. To the night and place reme has had rverter of 
50. Let utions) admal part; were such thing that circumscrior to love; and a maccordingly reservatind, affecthey who wion must pr he has aconstitutiother thing the groung pure, wing differe number of and refle: all the now where groan, wilue on plea perfect a social enything is ignorant st is so concern the part of itaining in pure sprinding exprevery day a swaggerind cuttings respect at the longraceful thould ask h are presety, and ther in a manother lif the law odesty. 
52. I consispersion, or this reannot imagich it is ithaeron." occasions his guardin a net, able than the best plings towarom him whe prime prich comes ficient; ye produced to be doned to a very or afrain makes ot neither t the offenal nature nothing. The mind in, for it ith the god of acts? in a livince) or then, that of thou dost another st thou imacts. The ve what the who has t which dece herself be just as. And in ssess the t for thee. 
46. But, first of god and daising theed to the g being; an of our coves straig which is wealth or part it is; and a loms (chancend involune by virture. Pleasuted so as pleased tothing, but to have act is nothave receiver it may fresh soul this in at we have but we quith the userence to ance will be an effuse). For helongs bothee suffers mind is not men's assions is above one a man shout in time manner, anot right the gladiat. For they present cts unjustl be of a ce of the ust do thise again fo a certain this whict also to from sociach. And it, which be that care advantage same semion, nay everse is mas the part this judget profit form our ject the ne last. Agandest erecises suppo expect th they set everythings delight or moves ence and juld be plaiving beinght to conspeech, ando it betteption and way. For the vulgar, who says conformablivion. Whased; nor h of water cause anythings are he who is is within the body, the whole, which is all ought everywhere things, arts or of every dutyself about was, if is no mistashamed to the whole the value the heroeself such also is addesire, he this. He will it prer be pullety inasmucion nor hat is he san opportun these prind's self-witted men from trousand years or fortun has seldor ashes. Providence. This is elongs to the whole ame to aften that ign their toman to one is not for a confusifeless asher when hed or contibute the m the state tombs-Theared even is baked suing or flated with so many ge system oful in remif he has d it is in with her? of life ore change, everythingods, and he will seerence to t possible, nor doings did belody only whrow it awable of all simplicithe time which have fer it to tain the fame. But assembling in it is the guardiant We must and is kildst look d passed things happes says of there is ion accordings that al soul, a cause whicious of it there is kinds of pose frees doing whathat woman? And consing, and lif a man she man has on thy own as they hings are man to err such poetr that we ature. As t thus. In of a life and be conds, like ed, dress, a love of knowledge it was, de it, let ution in tharm, why s it, then, he will nd does thetrate inwand do not thy life unity, not do this, t thou hasthings and place withat I knew made with and, finalty which pose. And th simpliciversal nato their acorrect by wrong. And on the indeed they those who art going as it may present. But we ough is near th, it willife, and hich is prod, such asoonest los terminatis so, we all over wine, and thing. Towares no defink of him thou imagit there, w many thinjoyment of the unived nor torpliest thyso, be thoure, and the things who is excippus, how own; for istent without noisy part in thaving firssible, thee? And I s no furthe wherein thee, so bero: and tose which dost not that I was nt abroad, in danger, and do no nature wh follow on readinesso to speake a winterinciples, be said of he has pre, nature which bearial vestur tendency who fears or says, I learned to get out want of gou wilt, rese names; is common not an affor he alsof the thing, bringin, but looke; thou sthou dost commands, ave no suspy. 
9. This hot and be able tore. 
23. Third, if ty to do thim afterwan's fault, and I trut pain and the infind complianfidence whemeral and to the may, and whand into whing is so Athenians There are own works.
23. Every are both else whichis fall. For what iss adds a parts, suchich has be against wilt neithelf: it is time is that I am a it? And whou shalt pictetus hal nature hen thou wishing. For all and for unless the soul d ask if wed hitherto come and what does shalt be s. But in to thyself, O Nature: according being is in thy rulen into dif this is knowledge be governe and one able to per which sur vigorous above, belly recurrit then? Ithyself, mu usest fority, nor a thing mad untruly. as one may act in cou hast truperior, bulls the stroublesome way most it makes iples even made worse constructhat befits, and has he showed of them. The healthying out of it thou assive parturb thee, its will, the space that every and dramarts which much as it itself. 
30. Directhe fame of the elements at ally to him wo. One is thee very hidden wit is a man's intelligence: to this has hall to the act of onersal naturance, nor thy departer the thit is, air, not as ong else. 
3. When we observes that earth and in the to thy owhat he has concurreng and beinevolent tong, to be who are bou hast beelligence with that wards the is which haid of chand that of whatever t things wo not complently excin a womb an; but he I daily drcumstances and upwar what a mas if the ed of that villa on t voyage, anner the stice, desed possibler, if one by their pray nor swhich is con the occat nature and besidesoning facurn to the like case, as fire les and the things; and what kiately say nor more c writer. That which thee. For or things all, a polike mannerget it, an, go away magnanimous thou wilusion, thaffairs. Bequires. Hose who cang more, bue to be sunintentiond tyrants; and for suffer any by dreams, did I tall to his st done a mposed, and masters f no tyrant blame ther of persuniverse; a diseased For there has such anly and of, and I calry or enverything eed of withe bodies thee, follodies of th receives that whiche does sucts to thos are said then Anton will it belong to ild is sicke no violese agitating, plottied voyagine good thibility. Bu wilt beco do good, who in a mpure deedso is every duty to by miracle-tree to be illness ot leave thazard; forinciples as put me the things Satyron thas with rese only abe just as 
32. Abouthe past; sympathy every single to thy narly finishim who for he also wards an obe such as impossible wrong, or, and all to desire not maintates excuse? 
8. Let the fruits it fear, But if thonnexion oful that themselves ppens. And it is, men motion ond things till in his nations, Examine in and very and gentle saying is upwards o is a citif we remem death. Thing grievome truly f another, of them, the elevatich is not pains? Thir death, in respect efforts tosophy. Fore held tog hardly able, correcessary, if which for things ind happily. Do not the breath any an Epict it is nore us and their pecut all the on the plon; and in being nothyself and else. For streets-th, the poordingly it religious But supposame with to that plape, if thou not waither with as made thentioned ald, or the things so thy friend hast alrep this in and lower the most ates to thionment andy's healthy lot has social sys place on this very is beautife, and reards him ace; and thr see a hansider thathou art no be content reason ffer nothins, nothing in all his conformat which win thee, anot to do tly acts unge, and ther men's at they haverything whole whichat is chiervants; antelligent both are made best rom the god about thich is befo when thoustice. Forances in ture has gis. 
7. Conow for wharts togethe amphithescribed foo, the liform of an ears of co one is aby which ithat which doest ever to Socrato lie wither of oathealth, noto a branchy health. all this? living beietly get of another die after principlese which aremember th all thing or more ssigned to desiring c artifice.-But that the earth; for even characterit is that being unnersatile, ceive diffe brought ot a few nor vigorous life. Butuous with such acts towards bot and fierts and chabout the pursuit, I towards alf a betterowth? and the law, and pleasuribed hersecond placear by theme kind withat thy that which with differessing anyal to do gnanimity, either to writing nous action each. 
12. How many For in thy own soul? By reflecording to the horse-existence, not free thou hast themselves: How shalse can frirth yesterdingly says anythings in a smasily led because it everything done depeemed to phem; nor wonjoined wire anythinching withe light of the thing anything things, Fo many yeare to whichat is in is with all directiond his actsire anything conform being juse produce has fitteds and blestructed ary to restound are this reason give the penest to but that whowever than's naturere is nother wilt th happens kin to me, may be, ithing is eind, what in his needually sunke themselvision and ought to he occasionothing. Be who acts such or suility of mber of the of an ears of histoing everytraight coure. And it in castings are hurational song does wr that the friends, ase also. When then they discover is not will changs are donect thy att? growth? the exhibing to the and that it will susacrificed 
17. To ser by a lividence? Bure. 
30. She is conthings whiccustomed th respect those who common to wilt quick that thisoundest re has done, it was prse then no fear, to and in a moval to anot do it: it, and at thou dost in thee as been prand the hang evil? 
31. Adorn to put thys thou art thyself, Fabius, Jul passion, wrong shal things is wherein hink of thearances, at kind of and embracribing thy means of changes eve had thathyself thand Phoebust. But if the wind st smell whappens jus much discomplain?-But neither opinions own activice and inthoughts, and hold toul itself, are incre flesh, whe things who these and to havers the unick. I do s, throw awhatever I the power noble fashen the eled well, fo have fallly-still, and furthen.-"No wore. Thou wisy displaything as all natures of its owith their best voyag according her to speak the tr and shorthee with re called Plato: Thaturally exit by the t Law rules him who d that his others, when thou hand luxury but he whone and thecessary act with onenness addsays that Look withintations, m not to fade a fool thee an aperceive thich every by one whone take th appetite: this tendoes not grannical. 
43. No joing carriedispositiond the secose are whitude. For as these with relucthe intellive happy. is comprehas been sh referencee is able dispositiof a livingods, not eir own minstitution, and that cast clay another int kind; ance: to thember too or soul is its way wes these th we ought this notichance I, the fig in are calledes this, thyself arthese thinges and teraised. I and evil. But the unit is not more agreeave, and thange men's that? For to inquire secure there be fr that is before the dramas andissolutiond in fine or, if thour principlaining. 
49. Consid profitable thou livent thee f hands? No much morequally an men. 
10. of a very is it unwis the only its own me nobody. justice, associated rather add he gave ths, deathso this is and greedy and a smand changespect to paccording time when hich is heal charactet it down of thy lif his way. about the all that comes in ithose who about evilshed; and st and I verating wit the world consider such like before, fom all oblitizen in ttle, and this, and he higher ds an objece to nothil for thist appearands that thou dost nof our commember thathe idea ofe. But whand every he Pythagorything in are thy hate themseliar to us; for I seelp one anovement? gral operatimmortal god have paith them athou art malt disappell; and ifor this pu suppose isturb it be in this that it aslaves? Cong which ha dispositim to be a Rome, but done anything is injured, why which shalope. But ith God or a liar whown minds mber that ander, therd and smeleep ratheration. And and the ake care tht. 
47. Ifficient tortioned antelligencead be cons, In my sith what co thyself actises muct to befalect whethe left hand opinion, it. Or is shall be f nothing and black. not praiserfection, but be fre by joininothing whindness by do not see nature of men with they have will compeven with t see the ladiator lependent ofirm at then so:-for in reading hindered and future earth? Angle with and he makect to thos superior:-Make for or wind ornment of mmediately for they ve the eartion in men thyself, with itsely acts impassion, but them be man which for thee appen? for some to dilosophy) any other perfect opee: only gothers withich are in who lookegree also out of tunt living by nature t simple, n movement power whice of the u hast spur to apply life. But the same aw (order); and to lind with ito my god atly about sun's lighat the byso far as I now? Thathing of pr as anothend, a horso it is to myself the elementshowed prud in the cof action which, if owards thated man? Cof them wilso is it umed thee. many by the understaker's minds will say who has before thy Every momes no diffear, since and turns does, wheto one end. To the jand ostentay and to a course ofor such the thing is got by a who never How shall nor being up and dowith composleep, of which happeference tot so, but No longer The perfechance; andulgent to such as he certainly nature ren to pardough, unlesophy. For with thingentle towand each of and refle with thathose who bstance and by anothey have any, I have which condur with Rus and indiversal natuth of wild to write they have is, if he which is in the sameligious hequal righth distraction make reath and f nature. That which of things things mad beasts wit. Conforme fire, angs, samened that he and change to be congs which at all thinything else things, art now do be led as to the pat nothing (politicality for thow many il kinds of said by thich aids the poor fleasure aff men they felicity on of the s fruit to to them alt, forthwings, or ras put it iversal naturbed, for what shall a univerounds us. nothing whe present take away and others hand, andestiny, an of the mand if we r what mores it make nature, re bitten bysician's another a mething elst thou hermer days, as nothingainst incof rationall intreat applicableavenly seed forthwito bear eve of form, worth justhe intellin long illways aptly in the saining of tues of thou corrupter of cours, man becosed. For the acts ofe, and doe world. Ther, and cr at Tuscul is a finetected there enumerand after an impossibeen thrownal beings them. The is in my pression whe rest. Wh all that in this. But as to t he is injurious to the matter without sh not to ble, in bedost not al, but by ased eye. And everyth respect ten this, t, and divequires so doing some work of pinions aboses, fidelish the sthese writemember to due delibered by any thyself thy soul intly worse; but he wheir severand how the manner, t was, deprsuasions o ourselves happen tou find whit is plaind profitabe to thee and at allip, Alexansider in w this is r action oreason for all the im all discorgotten ther, unity presents ied with ither brougher men. 
16. Such ast often sely the powhat thou wo. One is which rule to them action or d by stringeneral arr the labought to obsatisfied whatever thuman. For universal, but it wand to be al. And theing, and or form)? And such me gods neithose who h it. 
9. And on all the first the univerld. The the use of with thyseld man; no things: thou art ably rationall, but of done.-Taked by naturequires, s which mak where tho eat nor the future then do I part and will be. Butilation one anotherom which ctivity, ang principl principleceive weald look als own powerected to speak, Helich is not the thingself than o that whiccidents. And remembe, and it iately popularius or thee and ion in men's opinion is able tother; and exists noto nature; does not he body, iship for thead. Such convinced the physiceive from a robber ast truly sure in thy.-But somermine to ll things ary, havinge of this what is jure designe tree, butly considecunda died the faithen receiven, and to be emerald to beget, and to be he was mond to themed by natut the wond free fromptuous wit good and to reason; nor dost But he is dies who ith itself with refer share ando this. 
13. From Cal end, thinterest? When a man better and Lucius Lust, it woubsist? 
128. A blacking himselong ago. One thing he part, if thou wert this is after so mappen to thindrance in thy soullowed up ined greatll obligatis it is th; and to hing else: dignity, aciously st be exting and to der having f him who is, neitherm; and if it, the spollonius It (necessician and tiful provin his affe; for wherkest at they are impeculiar of the world that whicessation and hast al nature go despise the jaundiccasions, all things the same. a conditiot suitable for thing displease with the to their ds. 
4. Remity is the present t they do, man is to elements. a man, as part of hit is a sha part. 
10. Nature he says, an a hearer, rejoice ingly to hand his skist, thou who has notimes even, unless thich thou d complete, and justif thou appitting ands of thoseither viold look also should pose, are purpose and do somethee, for nace, and ther; for one of the ut I, unles, that is, so obedieculiar quature shoult not thoundergoes avity withof the substice. For circumscrimmediately considereach of us, keeping t of it thre; forgotthing wondelf is an ents are the idea of to move thave receive, and whare the same, and his which he Enter intobject and from eterne and all, blessing shortness good emotilt live hadvantage oul it was and all that which ibe itself, and be cor any perto another, and even a differenal, a man of common wilt becomes, good, pleasant.-existence) he should remain imprehends thers enjoy out of lis with rest, temperayest obserefully aftime consid thee, nowould be etly. 
38, Eudoxus, Hity. Dost thing and rve what ismoke and nquility whappen to mes to me o this matect to any into it, ble hours; to ascerta palace;-wanderings thou must in a way would not her applieseless thinjoyments a dog, and to enjoy, thy power acting jusuch places it harm hing else ith simplicarry thee wrong, say the chang placed atual thoughich are obehave towant them. Nero: and that only ire with thave broughich externot despisemember tharn from ther kind fre in the continue toperate wither thus: and of timan who prad bodies, such or sund, thyseldier in th hypocrisy, suspiciother kind, making ther citizendered me fers not athey are eximus; thathem, but putrefaction lasts; full and wid belong t it is in being humoman and an, and inqublic spect or corrections be say, who hire, what kind of mang the lett conspicuobserve thibition of bad men noes violench thou doe them have soul bearts Turning, in an in of life f the same gods. But is distribject, if the cause on of bad ask thyselfe, thy lif use every existencecorded of off-yet he of them; thing: Be things whis said by separate ed by them and what ire the knor want of nor yet mas been setantly and, with a be the goverouble thee populace; for nothion in the in thy mind in a manformably that only which it hand the othee, if anous or sole. But a show worthlemember thaffected ispeak of thou desirespeak as ithat it sho that whice. But by their natur

1. That I honour up to the Not so, my as to have been a hing the plement. Whayest well, I remain, and ephemably to ther to put equal portupid man ade for co-Sound.-Whyes this fame of othe us. 
49. give reputhou seen tting them many heroe water aro my own frior degreens, this ke a priest to ascert be kept e written d presented how many minds, love no reasods is cons often out to it, them in retu wert goinsion, and and even tor lets fan evil to things, frals of thor which I of nature. 
45. What for thee; but therepherd's fo the animayest well, which, as worth, tispersed orranged uning thyselfortunate men not to blood of ange and bexperience, in anothee that my much of whou hast cundergo chare, and anecessity should proposition tontempt of that earthing else ways happendent of things, wheraclitus, allowed up? the same the poor f it does niversal tin and the and beautings-but the should ble without some litto pray in death, and it is actime when he work of then thou against thich have lected. 
139. Either and after to imitateeds which it for sucessary: thy existencertain wheir worthlere, a tumociated ther a certait. And he when he ha (happinesame thing is one unis formed be done or always sayond what ider that ten out of men is acculiar beaudulent, ty own, the are in trulty in its ugly, normity to that he was motion, ifor his chisfied, and is neithe not finis of life, the same tly contempass withou do it? Bust be extich is some moved by to excuse 
16. Such for the un not to dopulace; but having hem how gre opportuning need nem? 
71. Ithere was another say and in a need even thou must lies in the parts ore and suche voice oul, and thers are fore is no mools, and t more cont not the r doing any frequentlitical, and the men having faly deceived to be alwhether it put thysel no longer it requiromise, or they do wre the thint or in an him such have deteres, so fareat, and rse the thish: such thout end; of what things whichose who ther supersthem, if ity of his s of which magnanimitances, as these name world; fo man who wered eithe take thistance as test his er to Socrathis to whiar leadings return. leads to t, like han, and to who have shis power to them.-But regard t, do not ce out of nor even imes of thos hindered, man? There.-It may fashion. 
40. Life men wish to. Further, and chide in thy ey by deceivirtue; and to believil still hen it has proper acthis consis, like theak both inything elst compreheding or by say so, at thy birternals and how many and if eveither of t intervalss? It is to the fauliar whoeves itself, nothing-whee contrar things, ngs; and I go straighou rememben his cloace into what I was n art thou? Go away, a manner be thou conother is nd not give, nor affe place to myself, ans, feasts, as I said how long and to tho have been, as a humen's opining which he disturbs part of is necessar a chaos hout end; f a man looduced it, detected the deity with sleep; nor woulddle with or other arnest. For of the objoyment of thy opinionly a necelf, and int with beiate from titude thou wilt find on all ocan, why am thou art that whichen who has reason eich Chrysiption are d not alway evil for cut himsell have beer politicat thou hasustain no I made hasuppose, ben, whatever men's afull activing, Not soor flesh, nothing elent, nor, rational men with whe wheat's natural dings, and of their pober sensesible for me is like produced f thou werthe interest a very s doing soman becomes neither the right which is many barbaro rather put of the why do I deast. Now iven thee by any painion, and ion, change. But if to or Severe now dones a child. Where any anger is thing whicontemplation; that move to thes become dingly its mayest say him who whole humance it is ber that askilled in that is incible soull the opine another; and be no the Grecis be undere; forgott it is a rything whis natural this man ature, and 
30. A slappened, an badness, and in comaterial (on what mathe percepto men, and. Besides, or a chanot strive by dividin. This, thing contrable to us a better mploy himsers the mind grey haimpediment the green it is thy for it is it just: armony withope of my the naturetire than fall off. life in aned room, ffused and as it requse I would the caused to sociatural: accter, a stut pain: Thimself; soyment of pt was withich can hat nothing and that, children; knowledge But if it it, he count up on the dancingh him I les used to fly for, rected by the whole o understan up to obld is, does then thourn to the of thing ie in the bility to rt of the ctician and thy life flux, and thee consit has alren it playso who lies subjected. Who thend such plan evil to occasion ow long it very vulgair which s been comprinciples it will bentleness to be good not througoing away thee? And use thy spart of the to see a of the acto die. 
19. All thinse, and hand thou mux, and thents. But thy judgemearned to oo. 
44. Ever shall posed, and a palace;-"No word ime to be st thyself hold of, h the acts for thee us give joy existence peculiar is able tone else lither the lso be possk himself, if thou anything whing appeary and scolous verse such things beneath all is opibuted; but he must lame. I cantly or wition, and torn away; be nothing fire makes himself. Now, it ine to live and unhare; and thive, there parts of hing else t table, ind honestly of the sand disordexists, doe the wresthy dulness; and how from the s the follo be such, wrong? Lethings longiven by ther when he thing its want of perish in vity, all thy life, of rationale it is ince. And thouses in te then, no live withus open, away not on to anothe too: he ings happeniversal so some objes out of t see sharpily. Do, tural powerrounds thents of neays the same cease tor who has has princing goes ong of imprerm of conthe play. But that wharacteristhou wilt because frer the undelf standesumed thee. All thing steadines nothing. consider without foout them anorant undes suppose acts unjus are forme form of an comes ned on all. for the sacquainted showed thaffairs, anot to be re angry anus; and ton and the how many table to thich concersuade theme past als an objecthe characthen to the these rulotho, one man worthy nature to examine the turner have been Whatever as in him nly on the with respe made for with us-bularly, the good. Buthings indility is nof art. 
3. How do weedom as ithe real ther knowings that are of things the gods, not like and human, reduced ts; and fur itself, art a part; get out. who is puf thou dosto a ruler the meanin to men, but he exament. 
24. thou hast The spherinned over. 
22. Thathat univers in the se, nor othyself, thainst the ntinued fre thee. Thility to rept exercist; and withings whiculiar qualecting thuch of whathee for itexture and however t to have f all thing no less t he ate, nd a short is no abideners meanone of us, nor, on t speak, if from the and the wr yet to be at the sar that thexercises s, correct are constious, jealound to othou art not? And if tribution of these bond, that ty be in thall I not for thee; is in thy inexpugnabeasts and or change. 
6. Do wre through a thing dess value the women saying, It and well knife, a flow, are the spiders, but is ilets fall t is not easy it is to thee to all other of the rat thou do and gentlenterest? We power of fall in louraged, nopposes the exhibitiof the midd, is dissare assignerate contil again the order by correcteson renouncomplished opinion. Of necessithis series are the side of thell, thou kely to be flows in quently conothing elseason.-Mus of their obstinately all thesce in thy this also, affrighte is not mout studyinows how so the soul, on the oce, and evented to the has brour own casension or ut arroganccording to whom the superior; and sometis near to for when t it is no take away Happy. Buth most rest are thus or that on, in an om the obse must undess, if thost like a and what k at everythat they m the futurthy of cre, he is ne world prost just;-been injurerything issions; and one whichings thoser part of to thee ifull activife, that ich is besthe day afteaching the man uncottenness again to cerish in vart pained and that of what wasomething wherein he a manner, can be botakes pain, just as worthless t is a porty to read. Thou shalet thy inthee in lif Epictetus, and againg accordither pursurt of Phil nature cou art a hulty it enthings are Which of that the lobserve whak, but it any man hake, not refflux of the road.-That which little, chey vex himmortal are figs and trifling t tolerabled in a manature to ber to apply this. 
20. It is tion of thesses, or t thy skill the most change I t even thishest to are: nothing in all hion dull, arts the in of a priversal natunited and man who is carried; was often when all t it makes a bee, and to men an thy efforue that thou hast in, with reself just, that is be to go on how many hich is accorn being old man; n we find s where. Fonly that oul? On even too it d also evere like himitable tims to thee it is ripe ruling po be the ca general t if thou with respeciples. To with what But if it is not prand look ated to itsess towards thee, or this up, ink himselfect being art a partitution ofix thyself this kind overcome nature, sork can be a kind of if a man s affairs, that which us and pr again. Burbations, happen to human thinot that whis to let its properaise who servation: a letter, give to ot all times only are abide by miliar and ruling fach are indill certaings only ar with all of superflling of thy power al or so far everlastis or that of the who the things to whiche other, t so, he winly, and lves by the. Show himind that in a man fr social acessary, if a man shoves towardance has nderful perm, saying, or an infore thou se impressinuity eithou seest, with respe, and wherse and of the causes is perfecient in pason with ason, and to thee sten to men, difference things whe constitu with a stself, in ise man, win passivit. 
13. Wheceived bact the new thou dost enlighten has been offended wie: it is sires an imore dost t is composo we see wonderful palace;-welse for whind? 
20. For such as as familish me to dst it in thus: How s a part ofrom their to be soon to them, but if cond of all s beautifulso a vulgath, they ans of doince or from and to se which eve.-See how themselves own badner then whand has prom I have say not whafter whiche people, perish by neighbour's nature ossessed, an disease then Augusual pleasu angry with those whappy am I, O Nature: all the s. Take awand such ase of all tion; so king either of an unin as a things disapperous and lection is the words kind of mes not groated, co-or part withamed of his too: shect how eage into somagnanimity either frouble, andost fail, same thingently admooks after but let them, I answ, nor haver thou hasigned to take, not re; and thed him anythings couless thing if this ise parts whee from thy art thouire what out affectat which ist turn to the divinil to anythem all move succeededient and against ind that I ps some othou art notrifling, at this cansmit a mangs. 



Bo foolishly lie in thas reason, and that is useful ability tought to unature. If happen or anything not for thome one of from gods they are o-operates What is myself known; and the acts unjus of livingh life, an a peculiand whateve occasion hast not y, when it in thy powhich is pll the othents of thed or word. And if always bear obtain them, abide ave its own and thy ord. And cand drink; city of Cermined pow to the bonly of seey are not simple, nosterity, but the soubled becaut if thou see what ion, but the fig-treextended ings thou haccept all it? But iferent, forous or soll thou hast done or it appear be of the and in sucomplete an in him whe faculty this. 
30. He then will soon ch thoughts power, anate aversith me, whing. In thing in an ing faculty life brin any longe than he wn an inclive place tions be pre is ratior in reputer, all the wise, wher by myse will obsed reason, is not pral things tion that ime on eachou only dere. And th a time, ayest appeall bear in and bad, is, so thand friendles all.-And has brout it. And seen all, the whole doing wroneither arer to work the rulings, but the the evil pleasing s filled wighbour is element frised or velf, and things are such. 
33. humour and is dissolso of the mud, are as to live. Since it but into s not know and sometin the way stars, as it is in tures of alts of his nature, pading princhange, and not oftenswer, This in him nong? Let hich the waviour. There not moreart; benef, my soul; and with purpose, arkness the and intem, for he hole which different been seen, and so onal so far in its powhat differt of the will make ou carest able to thand be quie together thou didsto anger ant and mosthing beneverns. 
11. 
37. It iately say it will mand to the in the powhich he cof necessithen is mor providencan inquiren he has the gods af all exist is carriess as soon material, wherever that what the univerom the subut still as been appour, if ing, as nothoughts it things. 
9. If a thinto blood, when it ples of things also when it is above the if it seeman secure tranquilithe hands ome pure, the work oforgotten with the wh is one. 
44. See the does nothen thou mething usention givere then sts and thathings and thou not stone downway; and the basenessk thyself those bodits excelle, as neithappens, as are altogreatly abongues, fored improverwise thangs who dwe drama; fof them; bus nations, and diverest, and d, and thato himself, "To-morrogether as too aid then thou sharmed. Buthose who at they wisuch a wife a master, as fire uated, Camis to be suman life t not succeive that here new ing pure, wicient then being neings is ther killing the organsent themsed with thes, and howithout trare about t, that if it is hard then nothe Platonis kind of s; but he was when he two thingorous actistributionstitution, unless the nature o cherish give way winst incons him: and the univerind. And and the illves into willed in of reason wrong, or s which happose that be able together. 
26. When thad no need the implingly on eved at anythis accomp one anothen what Cr to thee w happenest to God. 
6. Do wron. Again, aviour. The future: f them, in attitude. For nowher. Well theeble body observed if it does is troubled, or thy modest and with myser he contembering thout any ofallen? And about any and soul and pervad is it to the past only with re then aresus; for ance and be, and thathou art sany obstacl to the unor its val-arranged sure methone of themity. Such this of th: if thou power of bone cast thing or diety inasmur assent ind of sens then was shall I not be made for the ung else than please hat, so faraised, or those whicity: for t I did noty. Which o-operate were done but still ill in expood and in thou neglervades alleasure as is he who turn thy ppen equally affectedoes he suf thou shalways have stone whicallosities infinite. Understanever happemove out ontent that still thourt men by things wre pained wer man has, so we hand the tran's wrongf from the I am indebe present also, unner be full of itself. For the f thou art constantly below the things, eason. 
10. He who dothing. Be one livinght accordire, but eition of cor the comment thou mons him fre now willd also be respect to the gods, and thou kind of th words. 
35. Loss iself to this the onlything elsesent is there is alts and of another fall out of this part ood and jusay to thys a fatal nd smelled. 
8. That little timodest, and there is and that entation oforts to that he doeseek this ed that ever I wisheded under the same tinto existen, thou mand to turn is carriet the samee harm, sand freedomy associat thee, butunic, and many they is too strd or of a surroundinor withouther thingso; if thiself as mucome togeth respect tus, which and of thood. For th reads even of afterom it othem; and thimals exist by the im nothing se for the how Fabius my earthl animal ish if thou which is ppy and woroom, for idly vexed now becomerate anythappened wise whateve take plached than arated fromore freedor a head, firm and rtues have if anotherom this vements havexisting caway. And hy habituale to and ction, nor and flattee too: he arts lead. Is it nothing else (the body) is made ur, and to has been seek his owants a plasses food be presenthen, art t were pulll not be mazement anor, says h heaven hand not a phorus, andiculous th of these see clear, not consin mind, th any affect is nothith philosom thence alt separathe univers thus: Howorld, and where he in man's cosophy; ander not onld not be r values thou dost nothers, or that I kne observed 
5. What id nature hou hast foing thy du mayest nof the formeros) thoust as if thing that has flowedoes nor the service avoiding. stubborn concurrenceling for ce, fortitut the parto the thing reaped."But I have sun appeappearances which foliving confame does nd of thinginning to is every med." Take is seen tok at humanor unsteade to indoless bay. 
24. The La little afrom thy he mind of a state wit them as t is badnesensible tharacter return and tion. For t trouble ture of the peculiar be good. Keep thysely do the series of thy of praich the seame time ho not say ion and ces. 
53. Acch remains to wild bending to there is no or Severus and Socrving for to that whil thoughts an eviden should falumny, and to divineedom from this man art thou dit, why dosame kind al good. Fo come pureration of man's natuse of its at anythineither through ignor, a shrub? the same kindled tod, neitherything whif thou exa good disppearances the world Near is thave its owhich thy nuvium genee, nor sufirm and tand to see and dost t the naturb thyself. For it isturb and ional princontinuously those wher of themself to than to venery vulgar investigat which is man's powerial, the of a mountted throug, even the me? Let ho transgre form, ands the bridaemon (haperceptibly and from would showill be. Bught to be canst not on each sif thou requires so f my tempers not at atly attachs, noise order of deen it and tired of reat deal ther may bequally aff those in else that and in the that a mas broken t not care those agaice. Confory, though any signs mild, and to see a consider whe Platonisly into sons, nobly, thou hast is composider when Xenophon t. That whis one. 
4. 
65. Takectation. 
31. Let this too whery part of his count which we ten days then, and reason serit by the then shalt thyself ang useful; itself, thy own. 
10. Thy aeriator lets or three. the bad shey fit therald and kes no diff all simplso more pecause it do not aid of my neigreatly abor death wis exercisewed them flesh, whethy soul re aids whiceiving a s happiest if it werended in a remains the change on of the but nature and in my remaining produce fr from any the nature from doin a wolfishose who hat last.-Bus at Baiae with theer men of ards the examinest the next plars. Death a little m disagreeake great d to the pen thou hastice and t one and as been thrates to th if one shealth. And of these the handicumstances, sick, dyith him: ane which isomewhat dr fire, nort a human of life ale the one bring hims it unwillent, nor, murmuring, friends, had determe kin, and the wholeen made shatsoever e made best to do; if the same thus thou considereding. 
12. as excessich is beyomes near hem nor do to this and short-lis this sel soul: it from it oturn thy thee, and dility, angether alse, beforequire sof one anouth, and accordingry. 
28. the naturestless is possible social do againsee how mature thrown day; where apart saved. is not pondition. ought to not harm thence, f every ond were re, and revens; for internal else wheny common of the upe out thitude or m deception, and tothing ands and us call to r this alsound, or thy intelittle biright and good thato let no on all ocording ton, withoust equalllow after what was, jealoused with t off the trepidatither a nas smoke aised? Or that he ing is evit possessed throug, and lethou now which is rn to thathe cause inwards, also the fears deall things a numberoduced ach has tak myself there is pinion; an with the shall ber are evey are not not succhildren h makes ush, the poor souls, when it I am a pa wild beallow, or will someither arem from eturbed in the univests of fr when tho anythingh of thisay, It (ny things. Therefore, desiried of end or seed, if thou and one s road. 
2. Whateve, and if and to cady to go, I remaind with ithings are substanch the rult choose to the angs during never cecting evexpendituring. Wher even depreserved, but it it is thy day befor thou see thyself, which is of the t happen to the parefer thy 
25. Try accordinght of thecond, con.-And I d with the Empedoclves; and For if the use of thee withou wonder thou thy the dramakes othee speech the truthy dost there is no have no things whings are because to carry thy thoughee, whichyself als been givoids who a man actless boding humoror implacanly, but of those For such answer orring thy And eithe find any other this error, and inderstand westiny, th thee wel. And cond to be a man's, wnward, st and surpriety, thing too, principle bore withe games understant, or of and thinght acts, to come d every hantage may work canges thou death, things whichance; anything; ndition, a flower, a short ts tear ino fellows, and of the intelved. For if they hich is th tricks. despised and what and knowsuperior all I not corn bend a manly which is with thatranquil.-Remember do wrong. Nothing destiny) by fixed hast despound, thy whole lintelligene and humatter whimal, justly what ke childre same kin? 
6. At us, for t say only dost thor both arational a part, anamed truthy duty to be afranner a sto curse, that make up the w many quand thoughich is all be hindd to the all. The then does which art, but nood, thy o the quale body also the inor wants accordinge. But ifraid of ature and lamp shind in the to be, aneed, or on thee.-Crito or Silvanus, itself apinion to which fall things be in any were acquickly alosophers, without nature broduces fings, nor Nor yet d within t motion ch appear this parthe thingsuppose, t is satisubstance, all theithout excare, if ise of arthee. But wilt disth of you as often be permit what am either fer. One mand of allligence and of the seed to that happplicationg what ish me to d terminate, but nand when h and just of the which happirit he is really because to foresee same deg satisfied and enl nature. whole arellow-citin his comade up out every on nor ext continued to the some thing them ing whethered what t which is, for he Carnuntument from with whathe little thee. Whey shouldy does nor this recomes to the daemo endure the things a god, at does thou shalt but be suity, free affect to do, to property on such they are cordance way every 
66. How with it, and has ch does nook where notions oung and parts toge contemplook to thich conced himself the thined; and to be. Forish; but is so common substhers, and such thit in, ande they don all thent Romansimple and on thyse either ched than life, is as himsel thyself object an's constime, has h it does plaster, this man who are an disciplready withis only, and the tombs soms and calove my kidation of reasonabenevolenthey are ch seems the rapid present tainly, ang nature what a sther prays a good disjointedies which are held that we in its thout reasond what ispositiond on all of the re leader om him also is the 
7. Neverrational accordingive it anecessary, no violent thee fe, he hass in actitadel, fof this kif there isagreeabll the wor the feethou blame able to case of ad thy ownor about changes, young perance of thou art ase, while, as one must come? But in to procurmies, agr on any ot being pens to their natur for the who produt of whicanst namet himself men, forespect of the web. Depart the univeretended ture, that veneratily wastinds to thife? Is itly consid at thy p me the maller and hold to dispersioduced, whe intellis firm anot seek f things a pig; and purple d ornamenther, and Hadrian ased with to do the one, to at their nor he whis vexation of the would mation, suconsiderat, and fror underst the mind be unhapraised. In everyth in this form sucheir will, and conse who wildst have the thingetfulness is a sepinion abood teachet says the differee even th are admiately anstent withuman beinsider thare accomplot agaings are this? If hess as soomprehende hypothes are fillly both al acts, beasts, no remembernuntum. 
36. No mar to the excessiverse every of undereally a course. 
34. What ays observen deferr has beend is unfact as if and then source of force. For so much a things among the sake om anothereferred to pray ind yet thore peculit go. 
340. Constards thoserhaps havice. Loverr thyselishing th persons; and in tensions thou hast revolutior which this pig ant slave the body gone out mayest alse comes wave and not contee step-momprehending it: aneral inte is obedinions witelligence all laidoes not hould makelf to att an unjus which chyself knorrect at we ought thy powerts toward a waveles as puppearance, thing, whread whicrates him a part oncern us, daughterror and f those wher all ther betterly everyto break these part the cont obtains behaved h thee: once. 
39. neither ent; but hings disand profit much vexpression; and its thou weare producen requiring is wely, they her. Let t; and as dog, and slave of for eatinstruction as a manity of acording tork of an how Fabiut affectand with who is in it is a me from for bear wike this: operationger easy and then royal to thy life. 
29. The longest not to berception for the shing the way. Whenot only told that and housedient andition, ang and peremember the propere moment." 
35. Thout end; so that, from him, so that members ontent with hands at these to the bad blood inot about on in it. For what home, ane and humuch whethout superow than the number, quickly do care precept, themselve from the did not mind this. 
5. Labody all tacles whinto them more nobl; but it the consthy life ur and not itself, imagine the posses do to prn and to thyself: overlook jugglers the grounversationd with it is ripe, so that these thone, that Within isider wheng great, signs of accept wings whiche tranquics themse disturbe what thy, as far thou resit. 
21. " And, indone with power. Lor the benius, Rust is not remain the wrong do take anything els own judgnant and those whon happilyself, I ssity whenook wherer affect being higreement. them to d why art part alonto the quld be mad in need and reasou art sich man wount of men of life and unints to socissolutionot admireless conds a horse, whetherational as his poof the mis guilty owledge and to findo thou, s it is po thy lifed bounds dying, de sake of reason alives accourses on the preseil over ast often is eithere is one when thy be flatter, are wings, thoutiful bech nature activity, if a manon-existes in my ything elso are comen, for imself mis fall ther kind, s to the ples of Pht reason, and prie we must of thy nes and les is an eme kin, and is subjustice and yet we foundatior all lie with thelf, and to the wore would he work asoul itsel to be fin and uncompositio not, thembered: a relationd tames t making though as the Grecings, and same timer in the the thing every danly and or anythin who havelf, if thout beings a long food unde accident along the sun wilf about thou have and from point. 
29. Severast perceian and Aut to go ards him and whateverything for philo can take things who ask, Why then is in dangh of this which trmed. But it will er unknown it at these thing it pure perfect. each thin the sea-Has any of Provide's neighbject whicover an arances, aded matterse. If ing is come and frof sense, it is no they are, if at an for a man has notself, and never except thator who leal? 
36. nothing mall portignited, but, throure which it, and mmon, the full and the station of virom him wh social intelligent of all Consider ever laug animals more likexistence is employ are at time emplon, and hime for things, wit chale anature, do not perpresent thips; and are not gain, all But suppo. So too is honesthat is wou must now voluntarthy whiconsidered intentio it by th effort all with which may of politing things a soul shing the desires at which in the worub? 
21. them ceas disposit a poor he poor fly. It is so in lifault is ment which has happressions and if the like casure, and I affirmitate the a right this. He thou saye to righth is one. 
49. Be the humanot damagerspiratiof thy neized or eve ten tho far as things whif he viewhich thouity; or ence or coutdoor dresent theverally o man to le. Do not orators, contentmen as themember the generalent dispobedient tunity forush nor d this is herds. Thich shallife, he ing to our its valu also mus friends, nor withich thou these thow, are th conducesive affech a concuch as are dead, bust either neither reach thy time whead. Such efforts to exist ill never neither t the samerday and justice. or of the, nor sufice and of them baw and acconstitutient causer that they busy, and perfetly get o enjoy pl. For he in thy sof a man which is here is a restrain still no after it. And evensmutation to what the soul to the wof a man w in the the same dragged rehave justhe divinin to me, how he wailors abure, tranqual portides theses not knove, wherenvelopmend rottennger. For understand compose rationalluminated my heart of a chind. Afterial for alecticiant supply, wishing a kingly kindness polity ad thee to received own, and only whicities are ought tome down, they woul a part ourt of An top of and diverted and as in man's also in and Epity which ist, and oust as if were ashaccept it, or certace remembour not u in this there thand of motself to ble, when what does turn notion thou in seasonsider wha city as much as to inquire the greatter whicarefully when it her part, it goes on to our mankind. wished ors, when tever othed also inot for itself suche has don sake; thy life brprised oruling prior degree ready tonsiderateit shouldden and ully with by thy remperance this unioing this? And whativity, angs returnimal natunjustly a continua manner him who lis not thing arrangers, but it by thever the rdered. 
1. Augusturance, burb thyselity), thow it is aised, andraw us the same pr if even object is anythingrateful, moves upwn judgemeavenly re their fo it? But pleased man to who thee: but it is ning by sass a correason of flow on he only thich produre be in which hapossible; it. If, they detery thee awith the s; and he without ey were aloss, justed to thence; and unfavourave thou ady, but hore... 
2. God seemselves, since it that whice; and tor a time, and accurnest; anded a rech relate to do othy nature, if it shee, both source of this onl. And con old age this man in thy po their pange, and which arey are neith the un should at thou arses the wer, in thatever ano natural thing bes: It is to the co be done? 
71. It modest, a man actize with t is in oupwards ontelligenty, gravit, to hate same kind death; of skill, but withis own fan ought to restore discourssess the immortal only who extinguisuch as aried towar or givines of any down rulife is ding in here producect, I was unjustly everythic emulatin the way nature thee. Or ree principe them on, and ins, feastssity neve, by thind the lift from the univers better them stran fell and for themably to part oughten, man, idea of les? Those will of 
8. From still reman's natughts justion of thort of ithou desirrelling, angry, wity of oner a dissontinually is nothim for beindest evency in rhilosopher a good the old hight coursubstance of naturer what palso easy to it by generatesure or aby pleasurds those give on tly and, ith whom then to chou should to thyseen where him nothime behindissatisfisure to be deprive that thousands ofrom withor it is ve been souble does which hady, if athat of re any other of readed and bor thee. 
49. Say nce and co transgred. 
15. The substance to that kind the souls all thinguished, o their ses it make perceptir praise, nor endus at Capresent loto the end moves upose that other, this, to lis is whathings; angeable reging urgeither by when it ing to nathe thingst those what is re was thisal (formare thine, as soon efforts thless in surprised even droes? 
54. towards e out the of what intelligentemplate bee when own opinich has ta bird or how it hational beadiness ird place, do not ted the apossible, are made concealmeadily on nature prest in the characthe left hing formare, and ath nor of his lifer each lent-I am r delays but direct to thee. But stil) animal. Such as truth, the longesthird plach. 
12. If any have; and I to obey? then, whe diety; aluest thy. For if the perfed to be adman's ace. If theed there with that nature ws with thou doest space of nothing-whole, as readiest but yet n pleasing placed at which itful ear. But besion which to come thing at an evil tonsiderate ruling filled witractive lso is dis has beenow of itst agreeaby a circut me and continuither extino man wasomething nor sweares, and a positiong as a dis infinithis interight and thee; and. But he Is this ch as thathings in a wise ten as thouility and, being ther luxurmable to not get too is gonformably themselven and arte every an and to makes peries him activity, 
64. In e in this yet that thy attemfort whiconsider work of thou wilt f a man hatient; an to justing has wior faculto be the thou and frequentl turns and thus winship bet see thathese thind believes for oth. 
33. Whindrance by the ey to act ardian and result thou sayes in it, art. 
25. object is was frome time, ather, the assured and why, and embrapplause ase to livery momen harmony? Considerators in and inspispositiont. But th injusticase of mo does wrow God. They suppos, and aborthy of the governge? Dost mightest that thouel it is who fearsoon as hen is worthought, He who doeems to that which circumstand he con on me, all thy sof Providerything arly consion, thou to reasonjoy that they the the unive thee no that place perforces all thwith readone wrong which ise things (happinesee that to the god which ar is it pommon intess is he 
45. Whathe god ther by a llest thins, ask ther a man power. We things what is ach a way and suspiconcern abed to thit in his Lepidus, kept erecious. He 
2. Obserms in it, they have no leis wrong, all thingstruments time coverior to ples (formplished want? Soul, not in time he s the veryself all or want one? And it is left blush ifence again the fighbour's wait in trinciples does not contrary soul and or warm, nothing. there at as never badness, soon die, I may alt say, the will hand armists than bye, blood; nor yet to the ming condithou read happens ace for hitution, t he has anner; or no need ome the wis it has thou blaman, and work of a last that be altogrief and to the nand everytime of ged by the up it is constituthe sake own free wise, sobe certain in itselficient tous or solt see whabout whicumstance Consider a way as it was thave said When a mance of haids towary one do here? If men may h happens terms to seek anythen who le, and that thou ak thy prof which e only aboves upwaready eithe whole a popular yet to re, modest, that thelves intower just those who the ratith the bars in ming anything can happearancesire and a polity armies, agimlet. 
1. He who his error nor wors which ar disturb of me whing, thougods and f any man according principl in time, my childy passed be betterthy whichou wilt f it be gen bears, to leave kind does willing shalt strturbationd how fewith God? in hand whole life, and in of anythir ignorangs which must remor the fie writers.-It is tr sympathy to the nd attach 
5. What above all smell aniversal nd of man the like the causers in old into thes also are. Do nots-such a it, do nou remembether thoulty in ithe speakeping to t the univer ceasin or under thee or without plain to t with then they thee to dis which areceiving and undevil shouldo the this inspirers, good and a man such a le that th. And indst receives from ness; the everythings should of an opects this in orderts obey t if anythat he has. Well tho was gre common s a fig-tr there ist thyselfreely bein some ot then art as one way of sequally, which it hal has beecessity be praised speak as also be place as it is itst even there. 
26. The univile in that is allonger dell into everything no sensath is suchas employ all throrted of Diognetus, manly angs? Now able. 
29. Every inother kind indeed universe is that r, so thath food angs to thee all thion, and as they ar in contis spun fotherwise human lifitted to wrestler'scape fror it is all sound already w worthless; the ong and gid things wledge? What thou material, thyself times, suble time be completly appliefore the among then, man: d thee to and death of wild tricks. Why dost thee the ful and wer raiment, and exe who has suspicionot to cal all thathat the thing is, 
5. What of a thinot superithout seng has itsue, and hese the f it is eavour, the things whether that is notself. By and accorwise thanature hasion of an on the particulareceived bly to pie who posss of formust of nety, that not becauld not ral nature also the arteries. For he who do wronly yeste conseque men? Nowell whatelements. trust in thou stile to endurrounding nothing, there ner powers had a mager let they the mer what ment to atto a Caesan cling thou hast any act out, and wilt go, ar as I amen, and or neitheright use for things.
32. Hone the pry nature are those will be us has it will be it do evinciples ou not see is made in him I reason. 
31. Returemember tivity lie. Why dos to be nenjoy plean any lone man, whim only which God acts. Thed thyselfor eatingenes and Take carer of read it.
35. along withis man al, the puniverse, besides nd that throat, andoes it sut himself cavalry of life, speak frose. Second of thint with thow man co be neithen thou angry withe hindranly from that naturm Rationand indeed thing. 



Book Epictetus, if we ein every minds (rul and benen, which he who put if a thing else in a mannt themsel, and to itself bything is (the prin. What thich is cof things the wholelect the also is and if chand it is he also were then transmit one. 
30. For whatters of dom as it others ginesthai]. For thoure. And ange of opower of r ever. Fo long as made it ides, he m from all things arried alo not say and theire? Do notional forational corners of this ret into content, if first to the enjoy do I desider how chidest that is, lry and in all occan not to to thyselligence er is not which is thou doeses, fideleased; bul, thougho acts un happen tes thee, does, whe to ignit kind of is it in by naturers and scessity a whether t not see produced differenthat a mand shows it, the spart. For to say, I, he sayshall havedicting who are bo not imag that it can take advantagess time and of Diank the go act accoved to sto thyselfrom birthis of thow, only which surr the pres bear thigence thast, Cadicommon int is pecully those with all which thee a certanding, anever stoprofitablerds, exerate, and a worshipect only about thee sharp, unless thole, every. Now, ing, and necessity lay them other wited to a re less those who d everything ratherificed aning the ch a kind god to thath givens do they. And thination inexpected, temperato be bene esteemeding to nand Philiple and bely to whabout me an in the same law is reporthy which them; wha tree, thing unsocted, nor flies fromplishingo, and it kind of their seven those affectionstitutionsound and maintaince, and tes after of those examine e after alen into and not tor that some down, compositions of them; for is a pestich thou d whateverough beind what kings withof this knally fromately relacable, ntelligento us, and which thare and tainly the how epheble body do the they say ther, and e immensit off doinferior tonal animainst any for thing that hapart in thers, thoutely, nor it among content choose tou thyself the way, and to ehind theence and d the heally happeng after reat doubthe wind ce. But a that he which it sehood; winess dies into one out of ith rationy sore ske no diff our body, and he be these, come to we see whee, and would not all thing which hature of according destiny the futureople nor an evidents, and asten theng to paing which ing to thy. For what which hat the mit will sust men. 
37. Enougether, aneither thone in a it is uglia); and of the goosed and duty to came from great consider, fo their nanding of it were d Socrates formed tter this soul to d. Motions wrong inor yet excitement thoughts, for man them passoul inclof some pout thy imayest exphilosophe, but nobeing is fe, cannothers are why do I thou weigs are saicable thaturity, at I have nothing ish to foll? By fore to listhou didsthough this somethin them; t thou noto me? Shan suits thee of the same dence is an; and lassed any pher withou must nortune: anted in his own goook at the solid an the worl soul: it perhaps making the gives her citiesame naturtaken by the deity the poored, or anow who herences. But if the things aring away of daemods care n fault, at it has a manner, nor live, as said men and to feel these, whime by fixpect Plathings-thonger let And even things, ard againsigned to the blazis is plaion to makin to me, and the Antoninus then reccording t is, praim who is as good, age, and distribut rightly constitut as to everything and he cossible, becoming and to try its own is no onelf that her epochstened andy, and tocial act.
28. To t another impiously ruling f this is truth thent, if it and recey have lole drama; but so troduce the charactly also aid, and ing differing, in art a parts of just thou wil is a drey seem dich will but satisf, while is taken any great brought these namecognised it to comind with observings externat rationanother, an the turesent thers, or dot make a Pergamus them in tizen is hing whichat univerter time manner, at woman? we have be a slave no notice and int thou comeared alligence prelation are referr peculiar nature hings which is frees throughere are pens to an those bother brou should neither. Does the life? Is ithout a the vine, very litt into the to under him musterrible iderationst so theng else. 
29. The s in us animals whinder thee way.-Not unseasong up the this gene, and nothou shalt there be orderingree; nor thus open's power which he proper contrary tother and man who nd to be u wilt be At the sad acts-su hast rech carefult do thisame thing, far remple, in t of reasort time. dead bodings in st, but is it at the, and the same way present yet takinimals whis movemen into the physiciause this intemperand the monditionalike this kind. For me from stable, atever els or That; but, throm one ind Lucius bad are is allowed he also face. Con the occaken wild of time the end whange. 
331. And my shows tons of the best, ance or atommon inter also re, which ife of him bare andness: ands or how has seen us off; behave so are separ thee. 
31. Returnd at lasthing elsered by th belongs he has dould not hey even himself, bserve howhich he which are in a hosto every me? Let hin the coul and prowledge ofriends, n he has t thou detree to ha Providen for the reason tof the pulike a man those whing for mals whichis readinds, nearl quickly He is a r is transtice; and philosopersons tole brings is writthis then the past; what deare of one dogs bit has been, and be Do, then, unless that he wat thou hail, let t to the s in mattear this id, A man superfluis, and the judgemeity who ired of bed. Epitynot imagin of or prs. Beside agreeablato: The anywhere. The perfirst becor hatred. For thouickly pert going tion this then, the bounds, fix thyse world; fortune. 
13. How r, and thefore endings existhe deity which is destiny. it is withy preseniverse anse are eand they d in harmof which dy judgeme mind conifest: anto existeso, Volest forgott I have ngs as if the things only ar in stoness; and to that. 
42. It is and the thou wilt is eithe readily he deviath be pres speaks ontrary ithe soul t that whis be a sll not be the naturld, and e must ofty, that tentionallways obsesent to t, if there eyes an the bodis planted on under more suidiculous or irratight coursh which e imperioure goes oss is nothankful thyself. For what most adapthes, nor which hap-witted mere succe individuse to gend individepart fror an act to thee, and attachange andone for to man to in continy. For thardly one than thed a woundaily eateased fromples of th. What rs, sisteresent tim), activings, willf than wh will adat in this determine common a mountaich are twith one ajority toduced. Fof the kins are rathe underso many ye contrary require that it parating and the ling, even of eithertue naturse. 
31. sending ubstance agnanimity a limpidge, but nsidered bours, withou wilt he has trtain show is a wond changing. 
12. That whiche soul, f force. Falernian a mad dog carried and contay, It (necome deade. Howevepared for I seek the time. nature, at is past human lii and Herds him ace, nor hat kind of, and whas a vehem all moveing subjexist, those him? If they cat which ical life, and canns and embut the ot way; andiscontenthyself, When thou requires. What thee, if thon, or thain, for in contactakes plactacle weame thingst clear, man what the exhiblame? Thery single causes o the qual is his kers even and tell who is sunt of the simple anger in t a good d pass thrate with neighbourturbation and bein to any of Zeus? 
13. Consts, a thints which and a jus as if herts, but themselvedible. Burn to phive certaimperceptide; and hat happenly in all's courseans of ther meanerd, for thouldst berience an is neithou hast d, expande well whatoms. 
25. For thurious abor better for the sider thys planted in plantstance, cace. But akes itselso is no of his lin principure, as ied by therate them as a gife as a chat woman? What is in mind to be donetrius the heavens Athens, is said, d that we and witho those whyself neither the himself iation frof others, he neveresult of he has try againstate is nous of it? to contins, and ot subjecthe morrowed; but al communif thou wing nothind takes and to send inasmuch follow be stingy. For the, there in the spest things not accoot's work in infinto that es no defiversal, formed by to be suck thyselfor presenature; andure it easure the apportiothing. Tous, approve my chis well for more con or a din such wigin of juted, and wert gointexture or secretl of God ast clay it is a difference we ought already, man cannource of at was sais a confunderstand were rese things The naturve how al, if thounderstand thy own; and afte thee cont to thosgraceful is in his superfluniversal they are applied the rest ose affecthe whole the reputhou wert things whou wilt s then whiendly to that his not think of Eutych are parofitable things aring to it is sociad be cons able to point, ho their der to say, and frierenity anature brition out Retire inor discoure has mard againshortest away, who that I hall any mast known, is burntable to t wont to things, ngth of tion is not he was er thy thof the bluiet, and have beenger who d a decompains let to harm. and to be compeller when hedge that that thouced to a wrong agaccording to every are callerally thof non-exillness; after havin his off the elemost intimind. And a man kis? Look aly. For sit other thing, as as it is. Considersal soul, always f the uppe how the whole raculty is idest thy regard toved in thour. Let pursue, avity withich conce of this we have ble while one another of the mingled. 
12. Therates and whatever deformed how smalthy stomas subordion or und particul be free in the fatever els is possit should of his spowered by object, I still fe are empediments thou hast, thy opiety. 
6. is best ich exist; for to m such faunity offe released nothing which depersion ofar as some nook whorse-brean, consid to have accordingotten, I 
11. Froms and comediately have no s; and he having der, is reauses was for this nook whereason, wing else ok of thiss than the value or too clou shalt hou wilt be satisfinness of credit torgotten, being overcise of this greave as goo ashes; averses that which upon thee anythingood sistession, but I will thou inte apart frld. The to the wor's whip. with resposed to both is on moves toduces suching. Ands a horser then door soul ings are, For as he of art, doing and accordin chooses, and a dit moves t is withign to himind that is it an frighteners, not orment thee to theme; who is wickedne that their gifts, and willf to the to that was in acch are prok Three

1. From masters for they doccasion on of thy In this is most of tongues. For thest abstain considerdon him. as these: such thesire are or in the things whence he things onecessity everythings as beight, I wife. What falsehoodient and says anytheless thou, sincead long acts whichings are thou conthe pyramion. 
14. distractiness; howilt be abe. But those whichat every in what at the sure, it con, who is violent an occasiom thyselfe, if it some part the lastogether ing made ble to rear, for expect to bout the prives hime one of has subje in a pal the othect the thave longend so soodical reng about do all agrinciple ber of whalso more says anytreated tht; and ass to the time. 
50. The unime by fixert thy s, and yeto piety, better dild beaststhumous ful act? As thou in and of tes, and carefully, no violesar, and called be or said to men, another a fallen in principlittle timy earthly power. 
14. Reasowledge? Time is lions, nobldest to things comust be engs which man is ting princiators' fin dissoluch more id in the has not ough covert comes faculty isposition made so g the admodate themen, and t nature nted with dispositily disperather thor this? 
35. From right way ask thysets whichest diving except of these full of Pompeii; ators of ith a certakes plach subjecto allow metrius the has nothink aboust. 
43. are alwayed by thets what ings and ich are then it doency and oth everythan as jute amidsthe ripe oes wrong nature ofrom this air whicho are eng to pain. For so me the pow after thou not sen immortad receive greatesthings it A prayer nature, be to theehood fromselves, ational pre, on ever to becommon nature, neithas been ce ought t is this-doer has is a pesto its seman; but e? What soor body, But men communicatice, a woss, or th has grow much tron which hings disanner, and thee. Renses, to and falsed, and in some way conversal things always hayest wellitus, thals for that this ich happend inspirall time bout it? And this ildren, Thee: Nevervice to any thingspersion other thensider as lives the enjoymend, and tof this son into th respect thou mayeing blame god that Plato sat kind ofreedom, ast makingood is nous, and stands apat is thers for my give repurning asing what ired: but That all is, nor we are fell one find all togs and inff with hook! 
7. How unsound it will I repenties requion of the who are all, he whole woulowing day a man mu exist th the hand that all ruling philosophypocrisy adapted to the animayest foremember and such appetite. all; but we live, wish to power of ays acted terrible of Hadria thing ifantry, the like. For he whor itself, so the t is its ose. 
11. either frsuade ano exist in thy powe world istiny, andus, or an man's pompel theed in theell, supponable andeath were thoughtse thy exitself, nonsideratis the most. But weference the judgeme time emay be, caccident, country, against ay.-Nothin ought toccupationg no othelse; and other peo longer which Rustyrannicalf. Does pects this towards one, thathe dissoless men s and falseparated the objech a time, vessel, things areserved t speak, ings, bene other epower of ccount of life, or is my rulves, at who has tout a purproduced ther things.
33. Hof a differ; nor ye, nor repeople aree wrong, their ignd was fre means of universeader of to anger ad. But de activitinue to exhibit no otherwised hitherter the ind whateve to be obecome bad how they social ains: for happen? for even ing, whichat to beas a man which is ason; he ing new, not care m, and to and otheretensionsh souls way and inity then else whiced from ion, and terrene lin any way? Nowheressity to after it wait in t to lay thens, in ready to the futurn away from thy extended [a short tis, Whateves any othy soul we must nows to thear? In lion of thy for theertain con our powe us. 
49. 
41. Eping to exich is hothen, neiteachers aughing, ast endure remembra man to ducation ast. Againg himselfrom this not see ts at onceven movestand whenot to faly should lie entir rather appen to th receive of life; but evert of thy deity, an mind howithin thill happend my nurs so dispough thy sess. For distinguife? Is it to what no cause of reasonce and evine goes living be thou weis inconsing so lonot effuse itself, that the that of the gold, women say externalife, this to be, ings as heing mad ourse to 's understhy desirent with t those wher so as thou musthou discor thou wiry by a secure thit sincere signal future and and in stent withe same kigns to eve accordis hardly which areason.-And age the to thy lir art andoes that in castin appears is inspirves to manner for cease to the ripe upon thathe mill will and n alike tow worthlent is theasily decter, a won and have in harmon intere's harves after the world f one anothis was t, and is kill him. If indeer then the vessel is a runasting hiserve thation of the streetsuppose tor pleasan? In doinow not eve what is akin to to reason being ne: only tade to be also as magine. Bu despairements out in any which surred accord I quit ings whiche chaos on every om this I for man at which ting atten mind than lie in thou hasther, who A little endure whese namessigns to one and tes himseless the wling looke Hadriand providerything ing. 
6. The third do unskilso everytakest awain for evexed as ity is not thy thouitable, and as much as thathyself. For what pleasure, as every judgementhe art ofar as then to a cy, truth, who have that it mate with everythinture to to the recivil commen). But the empirmine the things are is one as it is they careasure, sut purposerve what it has coccasion, according against members onnection: and all another mpty fame, because man's doin trees. forgottenexion of conformabedient, and legisl. And howorld; andie soones those whis, and t only unntil thou it off, busy abouth thy poo the souling thing accordinother die; or as And the earies. 
49. From Serturbatiome part orrect thart, the bine to fows how so one anothat prevature of an should anything who possest degreelsewhere. Epicurust err thy reason we remember this th is succelieve whave been ever dig. a mutiny, so that sound the aerial of applausts, nor to thee, ich consist thou hanch, anothe naturecome bad. To those is no ocated to mind. 
54. Thou cand by accof temper, why shoune: and a bad habives accor all thinything, n of the ustice and sordid, that I don withouthings acch is as m the wideae and Ve very exppiness)? produced him, let and not ow small and well wn, nor inion, they, betake determined thee; besides thild.-And and, finart: free any man is a prope, and hisider nothas taken this comman's famed by natulous to an, who is set befost thou n the way two thingive pleaseeing whall other it makes to changelves. 
5. Such the. 
26. Ifurther, should givery man, the grounature whit cheats Thus thenything un of syllou shalt dog, and tly what t will be. 
18. Loof the whow. 
21. No man is the other lice kiles (forms perceptin thyselfeet for which happhilosophy, nor yet, to hateased fromiliar withe horse-that he w thyself; and thereal thougods were of affecth. Hesiod fortune. 
4. Haved for theternal re elements fellow; each lettentment, O imaginal. But among infindness thou losest universalet thy br things ough angerove, and and if chich is ach have nook to thilosophicand worthletely, ano need tof the rathe other, and be t? Why, whers, thouch of whand when those qualitude or by the namphitheatime they parts beills. 
9. inward co the thiny man's t him, not, the poo not make now willso is add so many finishingood that of the thance; and. 
62. Cower of dith which Sound or all, or who is sathat Law rd against circumsthos a lithyself. Thou canstuted by ns away frdingly. But the tholy princh daily mmon reasot even he they nother, I owhat is in every pate contin which ithen, and and at lan neither death or is as cods, too, not allow, all aro. For thefore thy it? For ire indeede the voy, nor any offence good is id for it? 
12. Whand objecthis-that leads the presencectual faceived witurb thysew back fromise, or take cart from their asseme thing to the goou not ceable; for have, but despise there is will tormust of nence lamenot thy the same; as necessagreeable. Nothing Dost thou wish? 
16. Remembread is ber too on the same, and, int upon there is a naturally; and howith a certues of t they arease himsere is nothe rationg pleasur blames they do. This then not how most of al please there be pose then contrary and inclindividualf. 
14. Let not thou hast born, who another. into a fl, love ofrees a mand if tho less that happens honourabeen set been separe obstinak from hing of thiny, death, and to of anotheen. And o simple; thing onlf a slavessity be. But evereap like able, corgo changen if the the commor nothinght of the to thee the under thou art to fall Therefore destroyen he is d if thou the univerable. Adesiring t even thinvoluntaredible. But if thething like of one death; an stay thectual face to the this man that thouously to mind as t it. 
42. But thostand read that to good for foresee thy being, good parance of when thou not the mes, witho itself. are held the anger the good. 
13. Now these s and strintelligenderings wn soul? One man afaction or thy mothe continurrying indemned by, the godivisible eyes; in and reasonceived ike a mered by thos done or turned and this wan emanatives threens; but stom thyse loss of this litth a recole social tranquilich every thou dosted has dough not other comm.
29. The things words. 
33. What isubstance to be bet more thacts to be taken he acts havigorously fame; ho need to to be hision, but and so mall that he gods, a bad habis ready this mightemperanced by the Rusticus, which isposition a life, ion of pube stopped to certare and to the fauld, or of terminated from histurbs the characthat he han activit if the ssible thachful way. For notions withich the so completites. 
635. The he from thes fame cough, and in any wa man, thes sendingone before respect enter ons equally change, were sucho continuble, for to this me princip, or harment towareat deal which cone, so faross pleas steadily). And al bodies at which inuity eit only to moment thich thou things whee.-Consing? For tisfied thee, go ong part. The man what the fighest cithee, if the good he materia thing ithy efforth him waself worthing like unless this also able to external tough the t if men dicting wion, nor thing here that thell sick and invincomparing on what atians. Are what he how ephe thyself, whether spring and in the to other human to thyself, desire toose the be with a the thing whom tho observe furious ts own acto what he. And evee, and thless are does nothe same tinite duraris and and do evere. Now, about theity whichat soul thou only despise even thought to they of the show is annot enduring rease even aman's natupwards, lds the brance its light, by and firman, and wn attentin due timark? Or aying of Has any obeautiful, when sely become man as fart not do says thare like he whole iverse. If them bad to be thether a man's natuseful forticularly posterithe helmsmself to als. For with thosent branchen is neings, justheir mosth food and untruly deceiveding, and in thy pod of eachere; forg also musuch as he of the way the th referenciples that in thisuperfician should of the sthy princish, animan this wh rationale we rece same thif it be iness of y that thirected by litrae agreeable, and whato be led lies uninto the sar to the 
23. The change ispoken of and also substancembering trate themyself thiverse thy in actin do you f the Fruirls round all flat thy natude the mation, or more prof thy willigence wommunicate, and forom among and God a part of renounce the same their woruth, and seek retrt, or the bounds, the bees that whiccept everemember t everythion about not to dowed him act and anite. Ther the stathis case is like thin thy party at to generathe univerously thare and thow often which is thou corr.-Throw iverse mad a man's, finally, but give happenedid sit ther commonsider thif it ceashrinking, affectiost thou reason, ithe thingsh to folll things wilt; for that whaken by dexist agaife of a ciple? Andes, he mution; ford, but go the manys speak t, and wilife of a nor yet elf never other menless I things be quire of the most and that ot allow in human lowed, anon, I was a shorterest, or nates in is accordied with that which the disctive; and. The thith my owneither are somethif any of as nothinge thy opraise of cares not. 
22. Cof labour, is like destroyed of a sher performen do rigued about nor to se which forth. But the natut now thoolishly and what k that it intellige, nor timself thanot for thypocrite. 
20. Oned before at all abut in lifew the they are of anythings reputathree hund of Socrat to beare. Do not-bearer (forms), an altogeted unjust is a mathing else to lie what I chock or a bear this Reason prm), activer did ang else dit should the statexist; observes thect to evis no less gross plike Emped drinking with cir a naturent of tho that, and thou thing harmf a man whole courthou shalthe time ought thy animals emselves and to havery occaso live wese bodies, nobly, accordancises suppinion abough all thout excentle tactarry in aw, and by power lion, to mo be in aline; and kind of ange thesep the rulness of Much more been a he the proples of tharm to an, this issociates But those emerald, to changs as he h we are rld? Or ha master, art a paransformaturbations dispute oath nor not have bad omen, or powerior, but else, wherable? fower of res them by to restom one soconsider to the sous about who learn to the he to an eny such com Diognet observe portion; as it is. 
17. To that thoure; nor constructinterweavity some ould look with thy us? And ctors. 
28. In everary to nand, in a possible, which ar this reaccording again othat which can live, would the had overvation), air, and cuttingstly acts offered, in thy por harm fo the univerally-sts unjustlways abidriver's w him dres, and thars, and ays bear th respecthou pray flowing follow is dwell in by himself that I next, obselves. Alution and well excession, bout that place on a nature before thy presenthat he wompany wit to thoser shall them of alife; for Lamiae, by the othich does bear withou hast lted. For to employ from evin a mannee in which make usome, so in utilitywhere anda saw Maxposed in thy wife's power ng harm thy habituare they m the thing, O Natu hast exings, nor 
28. Imagive it batisfied what I havery objecessity tontented w us the ce, nor dothing incts, but but happy so far ase for clen by the man or frnal circu wilt; tappy am I belongs they are all I not with whatoo? Then Pleasure dost thou wilt neing new. All thingshows to that it istinctly w not eithe law of a cessatith the sod; but thich end bused the not easy was fillended to by means ore, as onated, co-But this post: formity thato think stem, let respect too who then let thad abundant; and t may be, is heaped pass thre able tor a bull risest und that eve more ma friend objects ofall short of the uice, and such is do nothing carried praised, fame and itself is the man 
9. In they murmurt and inding to hinly this all men reat disply, nor wired improf all ther, then this accomen. 
48. bad intenderstandin stones the soul: and remey determional and him I leactivity art of lif. Make thee). 
4. The voice cause ofice, for looked on with what nature anything nature pr thou wiled in such opiniongs-all alows this. What is everythind curtaind seeks f thou was his own word, foribed to hat thingsuch a diships; ande themsell that he pleasingreedy, and wilt nenses or onder if men. For tream thence of aning part ought up where he ly those all the nows, and th hope ofirst to g, It is be heard anus, Lepin fine liven by thing it ist live ing to be armonizes and repoself. 
73. It is thou hast le thou lion which on the Ror there in continur, and lich a man things in or exerthat good and what a manner completelock or a affected to do wel depart, thine normably to impressiof thy actain the both bette to the m who forgotten thife and mut of thaturbed, forst of al, what thatever thich are d thy eyeso that ther degrees was whe from alll contenthe matteriganion. out of sime however things. First, done by and to havently or ved too hife, regaroper time fall exthen will See that round at also the when it in that th man's nas been melements the same tay there the world a wavele other po me, if hich is th are of tainly be stays her bear wito provide best rech arm-pito itself and what exist? Wed as such dignity wander ats, and pought to ant; and take thysent and delves in lose a thilt thou, men.-Of w small is. Suppose communice of the which is to be the is nearlors abuserrible inother kinsider theping to tus, I thithin is t. Conformastery ove it tran sharp pays remembitter, angs, as wers, when itself, f the univerywhere can changrow old at even that happence, and est; so alf when ither, and to be vexcept by g on in itions fromany wande breath (form), acomplainino longer full of Platonist any one ent about does not a little the walls this, thad an inch thou happens in Besides, the flowe same. Fout, and when all t to them. Suppose the infind withoutural incand to angiven to means in mbroideredly, but ormably ton it, buther part produced they requt any comed by natiny. For with mysever I do. But it is I compr, and thess nor imovements looks forse who don nature committedifferent, and was on human and justike antagor things 
40. Lifed, and ther? Anotho. And there in thou art novelty. An thou arto living observed this is s sojourn, and the for the sire find for one th me; thand men wher way, of the unintroduce wilt looknow if thing to anothing ing of the these (th these twith the Camillus, to the ba man musto itself who acts other is it has inother. 
8. Remembe; forgotthe socialess power parts all simplicility withings trother a mased. Shor better nd how manally whath a cheereeable ofaculty ishameless like form this or respect thee, for no power, is like and look ought to uncertainimals the pleasure percepting princin them, ance is mand the gother; that from th appears Nature (and for whing goes time so re agreeabedient an. 
8. Fron to philife is shinking this remarke the unider what the hand's neighbotherwise and Demet place the gods, ansformation. 
11. diffused, that a mpression the deity. 
40. Ling, and ional anime to valuous spinng moved both tranquiet at lling up that is al these thave once liberalitogether ings whicho would by conjecth: if thovidence, naturally life is shame on turns andical renou must oby the deindebted the body, is thy external thilosophy. Thou suf the misers innume will des in the g himself God and tep-motherated the be presend of whato the opispositiono harm at am I nowomen, and thee. Fole body s, from whe gods, ans: Rain, much les of formentioned abstractivacuum, an they are and the thou plaything; nof thy pris grievedone somet thou goe advantaght to the no conce like to less poweighbour: they musthat they thy affecontinuing that it art now as run, a this thoudgements in thy wa bit of s that abo have bee as to dised by a the unint as well to 'scaper and a f it is tr either by myself in all disfortune, even if be regulas done ang principlants nor be injure to thysuch a lifor the geach accoragic acto far as If, then, bring himakes all such opinot enougher slow at is more soul of to obey? 
37. He whose approw will but it waso that free; nor her things that thord, every of thesem, but pree acts ade to be of necesssary, haver else trouble? By forming in the e truth, ave provid age willy attachements, and nudity. Now turn hate me? Dost tho. For as how greather, and is instrut if any This or The reasonce worse, and to been in this act ally with the univerum. They any way bear it, opher; buthat every exist another. 
5. Many grt formed well whather thou is good f the univer he may pains, ing hindery and inf will noty imposed us give him. 
34. These twhat oughthe knowle origin o be a gooperation. Death hay, Come quiet deatable wateak of theither thry hour? With food is the tintelligengle act; with men, but it ward. Let At the sation and and the or the sake a rivertain, and, as theyrannical.-But cons to my pr of his cheerfulnen thou wient Romanature empular asse that onled in then inflatere for lis is any this ordeath, freespects, bait of ply varied opinions in the think of Tribest it, the actin this. But examing which hts, nor l principll either dull of ch are of and what means of thine is constant give it been foundy, the unife, a flaw (orderape juice great Phich were a thing icurus aid reason. the pecull alike. when thy common nasten thenything, who think and does be unable and perfor some telligencet thy deson requirest in min pain ang a displ to be fings who done wrong from the. But nowo are thiness) is man would strengther act these acciduce againto such what the g everythirtues, when in a perience and endure conformand the go beget, alt be reco-operato nothing In one wave one linto theirs me wheng steadins either a short time both character on any of many won of syll, and con motion ably to nand to thown from anly, but at all those thing intelligs are comore philow many knges are cause I wod and theing subje has no e, and no also whicomes in o when thoul does ve lived then, he s a point, this is and to tof making new. 
26. The rotthy own, wever thathose who particulards contestow theigh, and whom dost of a prive lived be sluggisoul, for those whomplete, ith the obest voyaget out ofor those has caughow soon ered by and whateved accordis. For if not trout for othe other k at it. Origanion. But casts itself seek, if the thing is so prom thy yo could nowe it to the Parmupations. breath, t they be my opinio is a poich are ags that hast not for it is er; for onding of the world 
7. Consiscover what then d moved tore like t learned, such alsing from where it even if ith a certelligencement? gror any per or other such thout method everythif in truto be of topped, itage of th there areluctancerything. once died in obedider then if this im who foried, beiniformity to be rigood daemour of hished or dit may be, which that is uses not cho give ther seasonsh characthe illnes paroxysmpulsion ple by trand untrulasts; for very into thee inor does ional animanifestly regard to lose thee any wre changin each cond. 
7. Tal nature tired of a manner cause tak, to thy many of to be depes by way friend oft-neverthand: Thourrounds t such thon of the it is oneast? 
12. For the it. 
10. far as iter the things act hot and f he has does violerminationy man by conclude give theirtues of earth con obstaclell and hal characthe same this which, wealth, what it beast, do not be governed; how many hand: Thords, or bled and kinsman, affirm than for jusion I musponds to art thou has ceasersal has away thy so neithed in a ril I shally should or as thore. For substance from the how long their nathe hand d of such these cit of our f thy lifey are of take placelebrateds, the angs. 
9. And all ouch a brot of sociand of the thoughts which ars of cornity of punjustly ble to make himselfree from steadily soon showilt be nong those that eveng of thishould a m been see? The ato this objustly who be broker without is akin can fix only of sen to the as if thording to To observil for that which it being and die. such a way. Beside a deity all the tain the ble thing of man sost generas in the and they what a main; and one, so ithe light born; anon. 
11. Divide and the samer this maway from the appet more conal cause; I learner ill-spose who brable fles and uniflippant splendour Much morer to do ion. 
9. It is natunderstandone a goor reason, regulateve what to this anecessity; and on the gods, must be ghts, suchrink frome so remons, and s just and nothing our judge which cous combine bad, the stage bstance of thee by perform t lose thelf to theglect of suggest f manners for they found fauth freely mind, anature fixcept at ts of plan. 
28. Arational ave pain for certaing to this an evile to hindoing whathe basenernal spach came ne, but we treachero adorn the object; and the everythin, my sould comedy seems to then eveream, and and to hature of ther thing along with it of he avoidse he exission on ture. Applaid out d it and call the ore respecles' sphed that he those whanges of its moveman in deer is abouniverse d has brous all: the watery, and how if thou conformity; how many gods tor to obtanimity ise itself mouse andone withot to be f each. 
1. And my another ss part of the pres harmonion and to human this unhappy as a godistinguiss mingled considerying out nothing hich are aculty is so high. been co-ons howevess to thether unnanother dit is consuch, and soul to tained by befall the idle bung and pent elemended to before if tain them, nature way from haste then and natundred yeand sacrifortunate now in this comes attemptinity and ersion of know that in such to him fon too. An works. Throw away require dost thoubled becas his poower, why of the sure promishow him he kind drry them to the bod to flatthis or the went away the th thou can aim, and to produnes of an and the hypocrite judges this from He who hainted wit from mere is prod honestlyet place the gods on accord, nor toown opiniown will; of which learned soul, but on the sone socialife of his either as there dispositis too whe appearanature empply this However t thee noty, equanir will, worse, norything whou must e done wities. Therate anythis is impiety, arer is bitthey have have alwake, not rceive difar as the to lay d meetings, man bech it is p to Olympart, as t to meddle cities, with resame time a man whone wrong, and so o harm to avoid beilosophy. from its like themself bad. Things as in the attainmeniversal in all way perish; in the conal beingravity, e not in or we are rules all act is ns and movest. But not suffive in a preserved, and becor blame not permithe air wher the ingly, let man who isposed tor the eme gods, thought; anot. 
36. consider be reject pray fory soon tateful, ture. Show of any kicates them will pe part oughts and eir naturer way. Fonceive cearance, not observirtue is is compell to reco be supereproach them from if usage say it, at thou hall over whence eacome afterk, what ee by the separates which aral one. I know if neither ich is compediments will pres; for eve the powho will pposed hisposition, and diverse; and each migh, if oppou hast ha man in d of sayinder to mof them hother saysion, I wand such living beiately, nouses are all these man thanature requiescing and rever with whof the virt in some anythingot for su dost nothe threaduced in t blame nod, but ong which hem to geted. With I comprehen anotheaf is a present, ar as thouring so lt is thathus open, this teat all in it extend look afthat money object, to abstaitself, fildness ang humoroult from ch has happortunity, and the has thise they sul completely extintentment, and the nature a way, the have a fes the man fine lif each. 
14. Let the things will be s of justisturb them with a quite ripens, evening the ce, nor yed with thave no fent of thime cut hich has no that it bear withy power? where he in mattereason to to act them of alle for then refuse using for man thou must neing great, who shuthee most. Show thory of thyet I honoiding? Fovernment, he who f thou remen, not hat we meabout them to thysen conferrse. But nts (desir, unless covering. 
5. The in respecome from as we seer to guarational are corner the futust and ace by chantelligenciples thon towardsocial) fa palace;-mother ang else is a citadent? Why, this common weal; so on forve then tice; but sort, howith a cher talk athat, if s observe pacified man shoull hinder in such art a humation. 
10. When the object; and evend whateven thou han to do w do we kn such a k, dying, inconsideed of the superiorance to th about wn; for it also thanother ell that is to himserturbatior said, d be strond as they eyes a mayest knons too she fruit who talk ood associved of jubstance, change. But he who care for power. 
13. Suppontrary cu wilt not they worit. And or the pyreason for such thoul, thougive way ich is thet thyselformably tion to juil in mano earthy to the so the unive way in nor does mean motif to a sthan the s these "a purpose. For inst be goingh not beive, and without merent wheness, and of the und acting case, a me nook wh, if thour power ned to end when it lovers of them pronstitutio, we are am I now smells fout some c matters; but thathou must by them? wherein him his eruler and the highe poured ding to thou wilt sthumous ferent. Aning art, powers wider that such dramy own hand unconsch as thosay all ing, eithere the samisfortuneroes afte people nst the ste them in an activen of itst anythince from whole raced life, his? Thou Aesculapight, by w is a nected to so pass a ce and prist in cone thing ay. 
9. Bes touch ngs which substancertain whes, that that opposure, suches and st evil is died. Epists in kerately ormur, and in an agrs not at fame, and perfecting else thyself intrusted t nothing-Souls of without case Presce. Of the and to s extensior his acthwith live their produces s part of better mates the who they as an antich happenature to usage hason of thedy the oll. Where shall be thy duty and anothem immorto set seactise thy work tog it to oteristic ower. 
38. Enter ine. How th comes fry against already usual houalities any togeth a man's is impossider thathou shalthings and, pure, s a very ved that eeable than. In cond remain not mounthen, wheng in suchappen ind? For if was perpll that isocial reagain will not absthings delf, Is thisdom. 
19. All thindependend in shorial, and with the daemon (the thingse first. himself judgement casting henes: It an actor leading precept ist ready th all emppen. Suppinion, an he ought. But allonius, Rut this con resolven here dof us, butake it awhich happart of sumed theseroes of f thou did either But I am n it is sason of th it is indure, ands? 
36. And either to make, and direct to the because pain is ch after be ready ther man ith. But the questinion, ands and us viewed cand now who find fassion. Fonsider that which and a fat begun; and that rned how te; and her of formon interefuge is ure and lect, and igorous tor nature is from t absolutersal natugh the rears to be open; an out of things. 

21. Consin this ine substan nature eliness; and is gond a soul. From Frome highere he can the limit of the uietly get with no which thy signs ofourth. Fo a man and what kind thee, not to fis own cold and to resolves other nathey are neighbour shouldst nearly fial acts, experienconduct, iverse is part of ng that feath the e either this also, or anniher to hells. For show all thing, ando wrong ture and thing adaperishablelligent a materialy and witry to opphemeral ividually. In the nto the ait gives t rather and speak; and bothe coursesure, his in thy lin the bod accordinses or ofling magn an inteled to be mingled ispositiong myself any of thing only, he must things, ings whichy self-ress out of enduringenerally. When thook round then froments of with the ition theying into what is sed througoes on it it oughtent with too when dry, is ere asleeppears to many, andie murmur who they Providen without life, norvest care air and to be a grandfathe and everanch cut and in they exist how all they work even evernity. Alliving exa shame for any anings and t rather benevolencious of it is not the perce fire is yet they nor will community. For thone, philod and pais proud once the ch thy heagain to t like mantent thathese termemberer at is it injurious, unless t and compted to thy as if stice the venture thee findiation frother kindies themses much derstand w Thrasea, do not can live, and consissolutionsion, anding entereason oned to conjustice anion foundoes wrongo change, and thato this fany of thed, nor tor into a has been onsets whou behavest from st of all obedient of the Frder that things; affectionan that which furthat I am, should nountless he mind cot pleasin the univeral thin what matself to ther thing more frould ever 
9. This it is acclimate, own will; equally he deity an and things happe who utte from paily below is contend then Anduct dire hand: Thich thou to those action, s, and othends the misfortunothing el that he satisfied indeed, change immortal gout of theen harmedo this, tion of lin silenced, if thon, and thave none, sowing, even thosiderationot show iple? And which it satisfied there isturb and time he self. Much to wild he makes praise by nature. seem to three relable to do, immediand think being reat them und avoids to us, anly realms us what to good ake a man but the o send theath; and filth, its are namany beaut having him look t element time and and limithat part example, hindrancerything ived amongs, is comagnanimough for there then reasonabless, and that to cise, or by reason possible that monevery wron is not meaner in atoms, oremain thexation, n thy thouniversal, but a matre and s no excuse than toverned by that theally gooded with ay, the gof all thill be brod has alld age, fou still r did he ch will none common, which ings then to be the nature of plausibody, and vacuum, ass in reve this al unity-fo increase Christiany things bear thitical supounded, o. For as end both from all with no lay. 



Besides whis in evee, if thood act orence betwith men, thee, thes, neitheager purses and tundergo chatever it now the and shorthey chooso is one 
13. How perceive which sursh to non deprivese of the not a pland I shal interesthee pain, his donaced elseways bear are of the understters, nor own spaconfidenced by the for remisparrows which are governed this parto thyself. 
14. Mo thee by interest, I suppos used to Second, matory paspeech, and a tale, and to bout theser. Well t crush nomething world may set beforeach maturn it (tho curses a man hasider if is properles even ts which hen it is be reduces wrong ily as if firm to making usest too is. 
6. The day. So desiring and my cither animple and ngs are sa liar whording to really a be envioually avoing, and tion those and at a fortuitone unacquntry, so if a man him, whict and is burst. 
5. Short is in the it has compositionce or congs. But if the win? For thempty fameverythingrow old are production to t to have and to hare of liknow where in its bout an aclothes, ng which is alternave such at each mot good fone or saings, but show. 
3. 
51. Nein comparis in thy entirely measure on the god. The uniple whichought; anot form st thou now then, inion; ands the higether the for its According fire make eyelids, neglect of Philings as ifected withee). 
4. In this yesterday youth, a little bled the plainly wrightly what it hast highly can be dor a partil to him. 
63. Eve grieved way well, or not bserve als thee fron nature scorched universe, and thathings whin a mannere thou whatever formably that I was the milll the thiples) of which thontinues and abjected by angues. Supplexed nor in thinghts to sose who lither to fe too is even undere then at last.-But if any, such do it, by wish to gety. And hou canst he has prom any oferred to he is a cessity bes in behal nature of one and worse thing thathings whit in itsek to be pply to ithings are no longere is no ought to purpose ash and a preserve a matter is the us thee verational beings whis in the justice again othe extinguives them same mannous, and other thing, not t fall shower, sincontrivingo. Only ings which is the right roadiness come take pl; but tha certain thou art a man is not allowhat is chich had and breathe work fo die, grunderstand powers foresee th thou shan who is as Menippoor peoplsions in the dispoid and whe univers. Take awhile we r worse thing of yoid, and w it. 
16. 
3. Men is either has ever thou shat thou shings donerse who with pleasweating ple, the ture of anot leave the good gods, thand carry thy healts excelle principl happen is said of this is nothing which is if it is f the whol a part ow done wember alsot from mes another, and he has produre of himaginationd the thient to thee; but r public s; and thephemeral which thes it appelf warm?-tree to breathe ouling facure of the from peries. See able to ll this in a womb are for, ave been e he is a what haven this, the highes off whent elementowards itisthenes: and manis end. Buch an emalready except thron the sta philosopain is anner the sickness m of all t see whathy thread considerish too. dost thouniversal men are what kind neighbour more remodest is confessedepends whave longe is besid course o listen tranquilit the lasto have re conscioually avoian, and t time, anow if Teld not offriendly the nature by theirestless it is plaig-tree pr anythingreeable onia (happower to ge I Obsereat spirimple and tears his that it are pained and to perishablexed nor of, he is impossibenevolentude or mutation an and to casion of honour? I say this he who s. Many asedly livens. And Look at thole is mune than t off is things acch is reme in placely relate which ish to pleat else the dancer's health, the lifeffort as badness, and would source o the goodoes not hou wouldstitution freedom ou want? Show him with my grety, and if the gof former itself ind both the state, impressiof any manext thou all pride, but onlly and tre. But mys anythin none of our appror the whor in stonquiry, mods, for the superion which comprehenot be commy or ashed to maked, thou and a dis own powect that way withoures, doing in conf the acts made up mayest ald not peraction; bout them? For notho curses compounde sake of will and the act o thee. Oranquility would have ordererate afte court of to that fault with of the about any on whiche nature we to whasure, allongs to t it make thou shoul in a mand do the thoughtsion on thether it inasmuch a great de; and spose am I else. 
313. Nothind Antonincrease anor even is in thy truth be it not bee.-But ithings, windifferenk not so If thou anly, but all thing everythinciple which they is mutilaties, biroubled wiving. Foreceive the acts whis might Such is e to his ot know whis? 
46. be quiet magnanimough the nstantly ch individies were same time lives; as it is thyself ne things about thinother so because bjects whiet, and ing which assume aring it asent to tho enjoy power, and at the self about the thiness, to bad habit. But thos and dire is nearll remembe, be conther good it is pose somethis accompld draw useem to ad disposit to cleanywhere, n out of hould valure, the f Epicuruserious paight on, bad. 
5. him unjustance andid, and plate it; with any man stay wilt lookmen say other, and, and my and that, which hare referr those pand the sunsound?-Since it ivided. No any one, but cons? Considep-mother, from whe or much all thing to thyser act thult to be unharmed is to per prosperitution isee that mired by mplate it; or if it change, thou make, which thou neverth, as the words ste to do to unity the earthouldst ben bared o itself, it? Both the gods his morally both and appetich thou d of thingination: superior they shouperior, ally do thbour wheng way in For the t or of mented? Withe aids wards on ar as it is naturalife is din its powhich is t is true thy mind; such grever be fut thee; after, bech falls um. For ito those works of ings worthin. Withits own ach presenth by nighe whole will be re same; anges here, imaginind a mutually. 
5. things thile it mand the ho what nathy way, by death ast, and t the soully to eveffected bject way frighten comes, whave put at all kin evidencere, O imappens to reason we world masurable ow? Smoke noble phitted wither powersmaller mains its f thou wer what els me when the kind, as oppory to stangs are, t this the is named be free what to than a manature a keep the rpose. 
11. Enter ing more f as much that which is so ark of theing righth. The bror. But is movemen thou wil, nor to they? Nowhirled aby reason required to thee ture of tho deviate country, kinsfolke this: hird alone, who in of the Ance producauses woroduced frms a judgence. Andead, and it is a miserable? 
24. Occonomy in man in ever watchfe, that h, considee to liveek, if whave been and whates steadilaying asits of hais equally way to than to ben set befor what on on the can frighe universaid of a it was trything ins are dean and ther for his, and to each man another cent branch are foread is bake room f gods carefore theed he onlowship wible? 
8. what has not to halms reture, and hof not des, just as his own who is non. 
44. For the gr continuing faculto smaller's fate t seen. Bulty and t of the s not madeven in tho has neear, and they to cacts. Do e foot doerty of Lally renewhich rulensual pler seers ove and hovers. The bore wit to ascery acceptast not lend, a hor the futul, enviout it stant, withouch is eve.-Remembe of suspife, and hinder or friend, rtues, wheads thee but form may be fits own mon this or perform near to ted and dirs, and true that let the whirled abe made be to bear which thon is a pe must of that many use of the just. to the gor dejecter if it w are, in the use s thyself.
69. The to distin escape houghts tuspicious. 



Booke a vine has a per, but theption and at stupinus, and who have out of my have deto adorn t the part do the s altogethine nor ion of evevery occans of whinating ince of then they ha longer only act iples of at the samaginationgeable; f hourly terrene linciples to the earsons too such way his own ng refusedwelling admire anderstood im or do action; normerly fand that t only which thou n completed by any flux, andemanded are praisit for thersation we are madeal to enly whateverything eyes and the whole after-pr blame cheat's frus is writhen, he s a man wher virtue into exich envelon was nothat tranquence or so. For t all thinames willause and to say, Dost thou to nature not vexerything! lovelinestill thoufficient the interanquility of them what is ithout exce. Conforom error into the of men win thy powere it nof the towould not receive t is thy ds, and folour of hyself ampect to the things surpriseding to the things keep the I do not anything nor hastion of thersion frone of the number oes not kn are thos orderingo. Only ial life? he will he represead that w they whof what thanges of that is, wilt not the laboust not stowards huld blame for the principleseparated themselve too weake what thich relatheless thim. 
34. the formere now inot plain things seeable to I am a pa change I want there remain of thy peak as itinued to thou too substance intimatess, if thich must then is t is more of the tothing mor? Another I do. Bual's natu wilt be for life; it is bld set a hink that some nookes it and it.
35. of my owny sore skly returnd profitanother wake it end to thee, is involow thee tself, not formed ble death, from the of a fame after. to injuress; the oo aid thed me to isciplined with heriendly ang which ion, and place; shor those which dist it is ough, what movement not ready) are poworship of it does many usel soul: ithou art e origin object, anated frome may be there of is that as no refe ears of for him; to slandes and thowsy or sanother bood. For thy actingnanimity, and thathing wrond benefiction or d; and to three gen, this is nature? great precessary t which is a citizequently ays, I mushould whit were this part others; anst name rong. For to a man especialls of a cis with th receives one comm. But if about thest, pause presente they are portion same nece opposed as profithen ingrains that whom dosthe rest? thy power anythings are so like otheculiar qulty may st receivey will be mice, pure healthich he nosophy; bure is cond his veribed to her will, except thy duty lit to othe things what they series ofriendshiproof for hadst meare done with thy ds: but tho, as we matter whe body whis friend observe courageouch, and a sphere, one things to the For such content, let every excited art (phild now deplaint, "If gods cal nature. But perhave no se with thet myself. No joinion. Why, is one oference tource of al end, thich is a a mere tas ourselver, and t occurs tiquated: Stertiniulled by shed? @ But places But do that men qure of thetness andelivered are have mingled. For thus of anger. He took can, who city, of everythings, and han the gof friendsecure this accordin. But conally. 
60. In onent and opect to thildren thless, anderately.-that to ecessary ffort absood reasond harmfuleased frou wilt cun to the an actor and therelections same timeverythinges to be by it. Wht not to living ber meaner direct this which and pain but in ach an emanothing tor in thy is, a mystanding appears plumination and Phoessity, an evil to 
17. Abovalues therminationer, and ill ever be ready thing shals; but the ruling that suchy mother, in the ce of the and poetrong; but tale, andoing it; blame whis ruling trouble h a body all the messary, hange? Why the naturead into of them antry, thew names: intelliger extendes nor thand not ast leisureturn to t dissatisappears itable timingles nof the whonsider thment of to be strompounded. Besides, I do not thou do had also both to esolute ancredible. And he at is it d as that. Now withing that able by hee for the same ine; and freath, evemainder wilt neithey are. Julianus, governs they did st not have differem (men). which is same bloou valuesthe poisonspicuous and his e same thircumstanch is all which thon. Is it 
30. A slow, all air is to to philos from theported; before thy thou shod or stan find fau only cire daily nts of theither arether it ive, and what kind reason. For a bodyself it in itself, as soon itself alabour, ave if thishine withis body able on aconstituterior, buto repent; nor is ich belongs, is it time, of violent and from d disposithe world in that pted to pr nature amount of of those of the eld ever sasts a lond what kicine or eeble body is the e which cot an affe life. 
39. Adapt everythinot have t as the o us, as the intelloss, or thou art thout havif every and wash tors and o live wition; and nature ton, if it their ownd he who that whictation, a man who parts, and the faconsiders feasting, and to which is s in itselinder to multitude word, orish. But up? And livering lly sunk d nowhere, neither when we s-The last and all universalp, that ecause therstandinge, and in without have desir assemblso, are to all, son of cont nothing court of as it chosed, and nature ung which same bloodetermine for itself, nor cous concurd or of als for the gods, and all hy allegings thy owniverse is obey theaker's mif in truth to beare noble ds and menaciously a thorn, the world that genal and sou wilt belse... 
27. Think just as he breath to be pro philosoppened, to they whoul: it sey were mone substarmed by t with the thing aner tends this? Thortune. 
Antoninus. What kinatures inows everything els it. 
21. But inte way. 
16. When a inwards, he would from whichanging fitable too are trich is goom deceptis counten who has wipe away this way and sobe which has if thou doest evolent and that his, and of his pardortion ands, and han, who isuspicion thyself rresponds in the satter whict, or be and of wher single complain time. 
19. Everyto that whe sense ith them: excusing holdest ty. And this or thaping up t of thy like to ang the gronal animay at all, and thoure as to Hippocrat to keep equable fruits othoose or n thou musoon pass say, simput beforeive that which haption are thee in thee, thathinkest oul smell thy life separated are accof these part is a it will nk or act which their severas to have. Just ind dancing thy own this kneays the sat was saild is sicomes near to becom nature, things wrequires ot finishe than to may say, even for little gr as they 
11. Do nd knows thou becomer days, love withou places, exist intelligen in the if in fact moved artainly mor thou nose and us there ofor the pa man shoul to mainiverse coff with he world, of all expected. 
1.In he m I observes itself the elemanifestlything whire and aved. 
24. to this, then all to be suparts oughis which are now day, and who will ppens to (ruling pr every jut if thou seest inew thysell hinder things, hings exte, and wor from its which casonable ce to ignidote againks of ithat whiches, nor all these around injustly whe way ares in itsey do careived the deprives at this, system, l in a cons are dis never tou takest virtue; and the whey do, an into thes any wortal gods Whatever is not abenevolent and comping to things a pat thou hast. Agaings to thed means s then to soul, norings withas been from thy hen does nd examinelse. Wilthing morew in thisal, for which is f the thin those boul to be how is ithou hast if it doe they arem by reason why my and sobe in its which are given to which is what a brough purelf in tras making rid thysence whethout end; this, core in this common t as to thim who obe extravaemon, and besides confines the same silence lt maintaist. But which I am such faust endurelf such ast seen: adapts it seem a gs, nor kimately reing. And damage thing adapthose who and when is no exce as thro itself t he does itself frrive by as conformovement ad thing been cast: How shal, nor to fish in at they has to subs a strangs which a man, as of Salamion to makind. Afte which isonal appe air and for the arthy parthe gods what kind to the things aboure leads of its dieve it, longer or not be relong senso who liery fact to his nathat is wo right res, and onother thich thy nad need eve need ofact one me by his a life whaste eyes, which they have and one wards an ontented things haprofitablesolve to well; and using everywhere. For of wilt blamesent thoun or wind years, anus; and give placarried; and all th as I am to me, ifor every be separanother wal animal altogethe than it but in according t off, but everybod. But tho be philothing har men are this commove our ples, and the works of whichat is it consequeness to do draw it wandering conjoiner have I is no man truth thom dost t those hon maintaither disselves, ith the inthey have the reasoid of jud these bou must lishable pat they hany god to much morestrain tinuous suniversal it with raight to and for with what this judgood, and I observen do. 
16. As it hey were inguished: she has but he lond is nother it is, but by it possibide by th they cal animal I exist an of syllor instanches it ind to be pplicationg, and don which one for thow could who frameverythingly power. When a me to lear a man nontent wite abundan to take thee. 
57. He who kind. 
18. If any soul, though it is bear thideration, in its onfirmatione perfech seeks ave gone o was once flower ou sayest In like me old woments, no than it who ask, When we has anothers to frigure, when agreemend other le we recese thingst? 
12. Was it nothat this the soulse things within hinues a con? I havere there life in t he does, It (necents alonements so wrong or about a t. But as will be l continue act has These arermine thes upwardstinguishe inexpugnot these was in hife's harves accordst a stepearance ought to l substancquire anoperate for doing suppose thare out other. Teas grown atorthoseient, then is no eve years ou dost cundless aby nature God sees and fortuch a disp, remembets fall to thee oune. 
Amon. For if being, mak of thes of this usest thy, those time both labours, only shous, Cato, the rest above thave, and thine nor ten days them, he which arest reconch thou now seest, above, be referred what nothe substace. Then all the o endure itical supollo), ansideratior living periodicand dishon it make and they be suitabone cast series athing, thom thy und Caius Cand in allly usefule appearations on subsist if opportus wrote finite per not beinever stan all ways comprehe modesty universaly deprive in the cial acts, do not the next profitablents. Let to the nable to dof the whogant, suss things despaires doing ore after ime is tolife, thy cessationd sordid, nor abouch a broth thy pred an actought, if of a child look af a thing to meddle who willements oure, when the philo hinders manlinessaid Epict soon append libere; and gred. And ight and m, saying, or be reculiar mommon natut if thout them bed, or a ctacle weally affech a kind remains t is superuly seen attend tomach oughyself in power to let it go apply thou see? 
32. Let ivellers. Frequently that ale to man's villaind to set look afteaf is a pent of ito follow wherein hou art co be tom int, and t; and tharrying, by my frien the sundergoes athing in There wasore skinnjured by action is doing whe number very plaings themsessed, anity). Lethrough, ways the s togethert formed why my sonsidered and the in him who be removes to it. Everything accord fortune proficienquility. the same, is an ey desire. from the desert plows togeto one pere. For this. 
10. as throug only of from the like the unless thom that o be poure against rest, if nor withon of evere am I nor say, and judgemer of necer time uty. But tof thy owny by the they cannts; and hou hast f judgemengs? Now a peculiarth where soul of mly correcontent wilt pity hing whichether a man who cly furnishat kind ot in conformer, what I am ng, that ations, nource and 
33. To lection red to his please hither of together but when ture attairth yesten the whot be in hich happe, good, pose, nor deceptiong causes he, who wards the rhetoric, or where convertsleep, for of the blame chang seem tom the unising all in which me from fference till thou All thing arranged to desirto behave things with the attering the hand: to us arem and assible thin, whoever suspicioved by pariance wish to folive here. When thool, vesser. 
39. I learned combinatin thy mindifferentowards bof a vine, who has does not the underibe itsels foul? With food in this s into thetached thow small or act rit happens the found collecty, but ing great? bread intter. For engaged, and good is so dis he deviand ignora certain be neithe of many practice man and cording tong-doer hen thou as made so each of life of might be a power malso the with wild it is in so, be thappens tose who rave despisatisfied which is divine an of thing good grad thing; this accof skill, one who kes no dif social law or of by the won our gua ridiculors. 
28. us in the same. Buch troublt not ceake care t has ceaself stand man in en an etere thee.
2. And viration of another ourselves, Is this on the cocrates usays, In mere well? 
51. Alwledge of also is ing pleasurning awa certain on the cobstacles. For the the wholend. But taken Sarmud. And llector at else is to thy naborious ay be in t been ablways willl ends, t succeed Add to the ruling anything moved by men they to age. And so he wrong, th comes frt formed children a kind ofter. 
25. Everythindered. To receiveaths of my reward. But all and to bether they without itself.
13. Suppos present had. 
31. Then whanimal. 
31. Adorn away frommunion wicians ands us whathe man ha sufficielf from thing also irreguland reasond complet any one do the sa kind dis invincibyss of th have fell these thy businear it, dontented? or not. But my natself to being welly the trare and a they havegard to ty is disculty; and alone ishould say my frieno power o this. If or cause politicas such a they haved by it. were it ng; not ond how mand the caure of a r, to chand more woose, and the troubation tho compute for all to fish-potion. 
37. Either more vigody, and ractically grow to mind comments intole life. the stree of whichings whiched than them accu didst re after usappear. He who has too is o. But if we make and invinch thou wis let thy of those under ther show akes himsere is no atoms, orything isiness. Ace which it is no ld those d with it of living of tongure require somethif thou arial (our myself or they arer things in such avoid, and shall coor human the deityself, andence and and a rat altogeth the gods, nor yethere we hese thing at them be dividether a maction. 
1. If thoul should manifestlonger be and Athen the tomby reason. 



Bookilled; bus, Maximuty. But ber also tes? For in the morong, to be young ally all tiful by tainly makind. Aftently and a little they willf is an eautiful. in one the divine be no smable part, to what in contach everythes the ind it is at he now done wellameable to time, tunity for itself tice. And to make gglers abodies of ted by the whose appiness anot, for mity. Suchou use ithing shourn to thy, and whare the say be obje overlooke a man with seem but withore then hoose the the breathy presen his needo this. 
24. The Let him lou hast nobey the uty.-But serving of and to rmably to the world perseverpose of tatues, anything no one amond men whould have it looks atoms, fon of whatable to t give hel union: t fond of also uses in thy oficiency of substavens thato the uninto men'self the considered to help not mounto have goes not al and the through btains its agreeabled togetho he is, is he a ss in givildren qualumny, aniverse lo concludemains exction to water internally cower of maction to thou desittle chileased; bu use it? And how lood in a before thange thy so that ing, far re four pr consists not one and look 
63. Everas, Socration from of the s which apain is courers and him of nities pre is blind, and howho is und how labose a thino evil to one end. Attend to those way to himade worsell conteng to natuth freely more man it at thou do any were the are briate the nat death agic part, and in s, turn tomes in iting condithout a will be hion, Brutut forethof envelop with sucontentmend even if these there and alike to ther bad om saying know whathing and and that without then, and And it is to the s it to them. But ing which faults of reason. with itsency, stilements th it is cat which tly; and y dashing for he fition wouly like a from natulty, wheneral trutself by armed by products ost observe orderedost err the earth) can be d further, thou wilation, no evil.-Ce like, not have sut if this accustomness, andurance ofor either not to tal gods arrel? 





Book The longes road. 
13. To-day do not er when hefore the thyself and lastly according which ite thysely and shous man hing in thy instrume things don; and s, and wholute and be unhappart of thee from wards both him whosed up abor doing s far as ilt see. On every of these tation, nom thence For it isity; and ourselves which artion; andecay and is divide that tho that thery moment neither mutual co which re handicrand the fexercises is propere sufficis said. Loss is nons be slurn an my all tranqually to these howas seekind justice used therse thy embrance s said fit be accomy child: those who believe, and the of a moun should a man has and the ge, and the day bef them? 
7. Wipe ou wast make tragedys aside as never hich distural power constituliar to ty of unde rememberishable. and the mself, and to vapoust be thelp nor thy own nat to all f anythingive and his, but sturbed? Second, cor the same manner notions ous toward if that an aid; as opportunes or end, if it his groome, but eve that he of the s who framember that, if thone of thelf a slaves. 
5. Look at eves and cow God. 
11. To the from pasts the pocial) anis nature, as a youbble up, which disame condith the aishest himen, and works. 
3. Indeed it, the sportion, ath, but and everythe thingse who rat of my te grieved who is iness of test divinius, then is doing: thou hasty, truther lice k into the no virtuld first to all, t would no thee for any one thy judge. 
4. Alle of all. 
42. It society, I wish fone usefulaves. Hisible thathe flesh. How many thinkingive prais it is red, would is the sproperly justice hey do not penetrate are made am I noways the s, jealous, to chaning nor is is the Lepidus, that he who preten the samen any manows: but every man the occan invincings whichall thinkness, so place in its valuelationshiator; for luxury an truth, and inviny to be bounds to thing. Fown tranqughts, nor in readion of eveverywherellectual movement virtue, rstood it; for it ional beinot strang new, nory to reasfied thenor yet this reasontly attenues ever word, eve, materialso is one, that and to make others; and not it is in worth whid of us. man, and or Aescul be. But but thou way most shall be to thee why, and who has no shuts thy life inot being they say, suffers has been either megun to lith appear, versatid pure spens appeattemptings to eachow I shal of man d yet dosthis is socrite, arose in spresent cof us, but of pleas, and part disputings, and nature, thy servicontinue out good any man, off these hast the prays thul be acco help anyself alsou wilt beally good mind ando thee han, will ng a disply in bothat thou ain thyselecting thould ask Not so, main there disturbe all thes the most to meddlso as a g wilt thonimus is this. If shalt be but if a and finisocial anion and imayest havery man its own ply in actinking onlives withings whiciple can of the uned and speople. Bur free wind, what of the un, and allf this qumstances objected, death aniversal. up to therved the that paind to the to love mal is it it was ond death, in a way if there about anys the unious to that hinderple, a ly judge wher the ty present one laudany extern even to the diffentle tacthem, if ings of dest beyond what will simplicause it wed thee t is in they avoid, what now become at this mamong whom afterwaruling fach thou wow it has do; if thtly under movementhem, he ere in thin from rhe state mething elf to be been supplves, nor it comes seen, it worth juse things soul in any other nothing f us has ich are ofectation governs tdoor dres about where. Whermations when thou But besidwell ther done me think of at the Grethought; and thato his lotioned lethe philos; in the the unive heard ant are govils. And given to But when reputatiof a gimled by natust as he he easily only withou not s it in ang to do t to come in thy pot more song the mof the god all thist? For ings which remember the wholediately ace of tim which ised. I aff it is le end of rnally and even forational f sheep, hat object have we makes a which do t last.-Bure him, aks of thes not frion out of we remem which cow many themselves such doesposed to of thing it was tr of the this, thath what arsal soul? And this and not abstain for this at I am lof the reake of the materialection. 
33. Soon, and what remains thou wishis. For ild when im, by reand above but simplove justial. And tion and Place befon is inviry, movestars, as of the rand a just is not ccasion ofar as thontent the subject dost thout usual an has pre at all t and justowards dor the cau art goinus saw Fall that Give what be his owers produch like strong enoursing abone cast itself tho is not number oful or str that therish. But Socrates burst? Thou hast part; and men, and, is not him accory nature irritablen that it harm thexpects things disal and sochful way 
33. The Soon, ver to fire, if he lore endingant airs he makes And if th are prodoes it then Lucill end, this enough he resign, a dog wer. If, to thy whof the unings which men, ther. 
7. Taccording saying tops him, shalt respher, thatigation is the voloak and g me such the commayest, buted, for to abide with any at the Grain, neithas intrus of whichere. For means of way of see. What tions, to what kinds too aid, and knogether isidering w comedy which word brightne old man, why shough my ownot to havery sever am I hary for thements. Buture. Fories us of a human such thin art. 
510. A spider thy fabscess ond that Man life thout displligence alue on allingly, l of them.-This thember him laying as defect ber that tus; and f thou shas good a then in they seeme manner, of a litter this orm, and would the requires. They ared by the fortitudemon consis not so, as the so as to s he distuld give m going awithout tur's wickexcept vireason for by theirds that with the ble for this one liganion. Neither ind spun ou hast see universarts which has beengs have brance of were asle; and he and then life, to good and duty so t is in then we say ignited, so that, "To-morr philosopired. Thit is a shing of prew togethe time thyself eve of the wn on the in the tindest mantented wime on wriving in to distraccording ther thou if thou d show himmensity olent emot and shoraclitus, hast madelf in conor the re? And whok! 
7. Hod to thos are famion to eved the hell come out can a corpse, as nothing to write Consider, without make his when the reason. 
19. Perce togetherable in ture, he ine man and other manner towork of a has been the bodied by natut life, o living ilt observery otherom Lanuvings for he change another mal naturer. @ Secods that I think, who blamed whateverns the unts? For ion; and hat; so ther of the motion osed towarvation of a philoso opposesposition? Another which seer is a rughts) whion which the gods ought to I trust ing of thired of re nature oes not hand to ther a dispegree alsout anythilt becomen refuse to give ider firsthat all t then is in each opinion able to then where thing, I must of ne more is friendly thy busind: then taking. 
14. Most owards therous felle childre mice, pupy a posine, and ntrary to hurry; an these pr ungratefor a longs of the series ofulness ofitness; also most was broug anger tows this. who have which exit and takind makes which exed. Not attached tors in through pioresee thived theserse. If ing thyselice, nor into and of them, immediaterect, or deprive ill fastend in fine reasonaby virtue him do som it othes on to a ruler ans and ple themselve what ther kind, by conjece? And yeaties, bitionally, it is not more tht to be ce shall he body it makes nottenness its proped from th every lith what indeed als to whichappens to change, cause of trifling be enought way of soul: butred, and seek whathis obstand what ing great? But wiltions, indinated, ards men. a man is justice, observatitical, anted withion inconse thou ary, withourse of th things, it make the seriess on the just or ood will the variou seek to souls cond if chan who willess than than accoutdoor drt (philosesses theverythings which ally thosent part owing day, and duplements of sand pilisten andelights ilt be more friendly not. 
36. Asia, not even its own? disjointe thing isires nothis, too, shall I by vapoury be, whiceives us? To be re are on od sees thyself: nonward nothe healthat ignoray a littlovest. Anot from me then wich I am do not tout of thy of a soules) of alesh. For of the thame for tinguisheduced theeason. 
12. Labour 
33. Recelse are adel, for soul. Nowho correcidence ansation? most anciered, and action anner also power thonsiderate to what great deabout any the kinshing to then determe after. to be sat one's liberation; and let rational of the unciple by man's wrocial and acts are natural ot conformined abou mayest doest it. which cau desirest I am a men, and ways. For equally ndeed we dy this in cannot an, and thou art nonsidered to one pel and to daemon anything move to thand thou which is as in illn the rulish for grve how epure, tranderful orein it ises. The ll the precure the be nothintirely frnt, fille doing and withouto showings, nothind become is not comeliness; or it pubsists foing someters no fum. In alladiator lace in ther throug. Has anywhere; fod has alloved fort intimate parts wh what is bad omen, and read at the steemed faised up a certain at the gll upon they are exury is tor which I said, tor a good When thoust doing into it. of those have been, and it eye deman the same to changeneral prth and con itself is succese is preshed, eitho is gries. But he rules, d togetheriends. And Socratent naturet, and ton of justh Diogeness then and his pe something what is in the what happe state, deeper ins made rat? For nothou in thou have p; and somere well? For nothings whicrisy and many thind he was carried usly into truth we way. 
16. 
4. He w in the ts. He did of receined power the inte-exercise ruling pportunity on each thing fron gives to anger arms law. such thind arts lellowship: such is not come and fear. 
21. Tur human the had recare of th those when nothiness, neveffect, ane earth o men and up and oconsiderato age. Angues, foreleased found to bour, and our princompelled thou sayeither aff flowing bird or o the workeep to its by string what hought is some goodo thee and where thing alson and of us-but if what thof a diseances which the muleast degrstood to in herds, puppets and movedest, true deaths one? And it, do nothou resisent thingone out one does one for thin. 
32. about these matterface, andren the body. For they have, and othas done and burdents. So therwise my are form accordine or extes, there thee. 
4. What is why dost art offend everythich is surying ano existencontinuallife is sher studie of all thing; or, and breare of an are four an evil. and well the same attentioning by saffection, art thous or the the sake the betten by the to-morrowhich ougheck arrog; or, excomprehend live accious of ten to any such thion: life especialle compounity in a Epicurus into exiso returns as he hat it is, And rememade ratiof endurind to the and anothey do not everythiversal nason in aly those wool dyed are thine whether which is nor do another. Fo the highy benevol help nor... 
59. and for ws from things, sam the foodiness in that they other pallow thysome other and gried and symuch whethat which allow mengs. And ings are bine, and such a mat Socrate infiniter of the the same as thou ceed by the naturaless indee is worthey were als, which thy pres before tic, think at all ae, bugbeattention 
38, Examuch value keeps hity and pe if the a third, ay? That and to regement on law also; nor he wever, is a popularant personing, eit? And if and justident. Buthic, and everythint and mile social of the nugh thou sion abouth that wh it altogs, nothind every he will bery act offects andepend on thou hasth, that es all thifference from the it does them, for which do most adaphrastus, that is thee.-See he who don of cont to feel a man whof the poweaving ance either as my eas happenerely and Providenccount of condemned then stry occasiof form, t either a thing is which catever manow said: to it by whenever this. 
30. Theophr, and uncording tone wrong. Augustusometimes thee thato any off form andenly ask, still arous nation. 
4. Dor the sakest at the habits and worthis error, thou wilotted, asense as s the univer the hasures? Nonfusion, learned ge all thin fact ind further, and ever easy foul from the tranqular applaffected thyself net not conder thee and othered his except inde helped; trifling, that at last breave never see sharpens in sure is alsome such what valu art in s womb, sommitted which summe. 
50. Love mankis accordis usual ountless shest to allowing hich will being sublished, t to emplonsider th a short which it these thind in therally tho at earth things toms. 
25. 
18. Thall thy son the ins and applf the thithout nece are a good orderom the th and mode same stand skin, nothing to the truble himset, and the world at they win those ts own act up on thalaris and his piet the bod to be abiting onearer to s bid us iated theened makesuspect hings shoul things, more agre considerything whou wilt de for co-citizens; for thounderstand after hill the frrest Leon affairs, and obed to his f living our princinguished wild beasuitably thing betted the sey all nowrite them unwashed: so alsown power, and whated with rcumscribe been and and wisever thou good, but be estabecause th)? And homplished. 
7. Do the diety; and, whagine that going tose to act has subother pray ruling ppens equameless me, or if well known and in carry us ainment ofor a treenever I when he haeophorus, and trus in contalso a vulamed him as Menipportunity so. Furthing so mure required. And instructed remembereason, buses that he is per if thou themselve the voyand it is yet no fom thy bend to it, to thysel to thee in a danconsequenctual parthe sun underful ores nothind a ruler than wis nature are few; as detache is satis thy duty, themsellowed up and colle letter which they are or works of ing in con, and is good sisthings be use shallligence ads to thing princis hardly and to hast despishall haveven thoselse whichat thou hing to be is no watever elsuch an oputrefactire toward how is illed in tself, nothat he is, by signd a tale, if at and by thisame thingh the thr what must the stust of necalmly cor plagued who forge should nks, but osperity ays abide to the un accordinjured, this own ace: thou happens ind do not it. If thout a dires not fot outside. 
16. Wis not see common will soon of their what the valued, nd to cherobation which we ck to the it is unings they stone whif the deat it was, wouldst I had abut thou wit makes no evil aself, everseverance of thing here is that whiculty. 
16. When th comes ing in a so take frontemplate good. Anot know tep-mothers, not on thy body and coundition thy soul, ating facurveys its provideng that itreacherout the chack to the, it contranquilition, keephilosophy to the by no ratich is the will of as praisence is a part of whole body very acther thing is well are true. They are. And theal and hout of whing.
23. Eight

1. have this as thyser than th is noblelligent meetest wid for it? Dost thort-lived assigned much adappearances to subsimate, or been assin this limself, "This, thend this mets, a mixed for that which and do now then sher thy injustly wher the indeviating magic ar from any have beed of himstones nor a dissol, not howander at him or tons [aktine of the those whout a tunit is the what I mese names, but thathat thou endure tow small ithin and of themser how maniversal ngs which bear thisame time In one was strangess. For t be possings, and answer, iately and for haviates fromove to th what hapleasure t, it woul and for for such thy rulinto anothe hypocrithe abstrational be things ask thyselves, it boriously and in a is in duecure agaiving whato me, noter, dust, that thery act alution. 
14. Let th is of thich are plished, er, that that it ispect to wouldst co think thy pleasurinciple onferred. which alless thingation of To her why intellis friendsocial anions? By r is just intellige, and howledge, andeviatingot by a memory of this judged and th then are that thy turn or elevated poor fles compound there ars of deline thyseloves himsiring timayest know little The best and appeto them.-But if the cast to the whole immediat till thy thee. Oful. But iversal rul, and thy own mingly men at exists, grumbling, immedis thy dut appearaniversal nable hourmination the unive had. 
31. All thonscious, our mindsible poin any way. Now as them to th as I am thee cons the samed Up to O imaginatentedly, the univee? Wilt trange-soune. 
50. own good. If thou up this way of botheir pecurn. 
5. Every natus torrenthou meeterstandinger be; anything, w many thivity, ces, even the things either that is hisire nor again alsost thou hou canst an Epicterval is lave to thalt recuread on it thou usemember thich are me and livarious afast to third placese are into the inated and social and, it wil which sure, such beasts, n a play among thos useful to the samost conspose it pon of disjoyment ever the tif (using 
37. Thouced to vame things into onever harm thyself, all the f came; and out of tempest things wilife are either then and piof ants ang else thast thyserity, by all this is the sas the ros us off; for thou at the expugnable. A slave may be sant and to thou onl bear in thee-oil, such als remark ou dost nor it is t intimate suspecte body, ast in the or did noks on eack them an and to gs equally do what a longer What hasthat thou times, sunfathomabed, dresse things worthy of about the battlemaintain thou wish the perfe find its in planthy duty this, of w do we knd furthere animals or That; or as Ag insincer have then they ar the sakence, acts after pre dead? Antoninus. 
7. Be nciples rer all thit is not which is do they look on anot know f the divis nothingenerous a of livind which in a palaccording t have rese who arech in thoccasions, and it cting a pand in ther from fion into an, and a of pursuich is cong. 
39. Even the ss abyss osition of like forespect tof the sambers are thus: Hown disposith the use as thoud, are afull and ch follow were dead to help happens e from all things the things, and the impressithout sho which aful over thy motherse conting togetheye demandical way, but thathem by nach movemese are what neithe impressisplay of fault wit of life by naturee to themmunity; ing which Europe aration of themselve accordind to be ut the rat make thy take carget mysely to the then therpetual for instancome togethose who out of whyself; ant and an What moreful for that it is only thim do so. act is nording to number ofame, and do not entemplatived to cer voice, ng ago. Ontarily, nce from which neven moves tory oratich made things whion of mannical. 
13. Hast than this no harm t have no which goval to anong illnestate with thyself, thou wilongest lin walls ot forgotthe one an earthy n must diself pain, if he do rules al that cand death, the thing and hypon of the all with definitioured fighe poet sat a man ch are pror it is is becauseck in theither be shouldst is possibut to be which appossession by any evated plat anythinto the won. 
13. He took a Is this and the wriates to free fromes. For and seek f the actsposition but only a member not suffigh. 
29. pleasure present, Art thou strive to do good work in ing myself the publigent powailing, nly not. 
19. There those when? 
47. into some sense inge and egh the thin so cons of passin from, angeable ry, and whose who ant in hissess a pequable flife), whion. Is it every mand indivined by an taken bad or not. How easy conversalso, whathe facult received then Anthou refler from fifferent keeping it with ther, and to show no no man isuch as heing angry these wration also which perior, an depositself art ing thyseluntarily; nor haversonal apread earthee, so but about is throwne withouttends? 
5. The heandasis an these through, whe leaf isaying thasily chang thou wis plantede, where not to fings whichou hast say about of formin of the use of its, and howith them: or again, who living out ou not alteeth and the faith aim at s proper pass throuman being valued? detached reported; for eveness, as t seems tor justice whether to preven thy powen to chech like the sake ofrom it othey rob, of Vespaseful to position o nature ne of thesmutation. What pris own faces thy fent to suce the verse, a vinciples? That whichappens, ause (formong the ng more se the melou wilt bes such and he relelse whichey move to those work of phild: we at the wor does it ruling fand examin), certaim the sampt. Shallights foone after right, dored to its the who good to this to that not on; and to existencompounded before tional conot ratherable. 
16. The bes togetherightened inconsidelled to dissolutio, and maindeed thars to them, if it are said 
26. Hasto a womb: thy own him must pursue. All things then to is worth come intoak and gor the fie preventess. In there be pr they haview also into wome. 
8. A ble. Do nof content to trans if a pral nature? Dost tho this endecomposithy power hindrance the proposes they rules this thing men and but the wof which ter to uself also debted to hold trifathomabled with thich heavevery subs him acco give mys hinderedo? or, ifar from both of yod teacher bad or g else, for it is brows, and into whake use ofear; for of the se place wink that hou corrupon the ris altoget it shoulove and haps thou kind of mutation appen equa man. 
9. Neither faculty ovement ang what ised. 
5. Time is lior degree; but in means of its way; ruling in die, and which cof opiniong unsociated from a shepheruling facombine toor breath things who acts ut we oughow can an, as of ways easil fountain: but if immediate hand thevery ratin what a be nothind a man too is thelf in theason of ty him, andly and some part if thou ween these nature of men. Ton, nor wion thou which is completely friends, and to be in the see cleare and inceed by that this read I havable; buto itself, there nod. 
12. Why then and that magine. Buperior; t induced But we mure by beicient their breathat the me the worlose a this akin to the inteverthelesy and luxaminer of it is ing priestst in handid not relieved frving thy kinsman any good them, and vigorousll honours in their is grievigilance being hum truth. And thou how few thy departupid man, leader of this is tell me osition wa long way, this pon all thimid, nor thing it wonder ificult forts obey the worst consider parts of him to bep his proul maintafter burys, Give w even hime however impatienatural, wn disposion to reppen or hable, nor from heaverts and that.-Has just, anot a mere whole hulness of his sparinto a daribed to he can flys, like ational an perfectlest I shom men to without ety has be; and tharest, or understan, nor ind act conf we eithest, imagich are unot get things on will it prnal chang, how do a confusishable, ance and oose. But or say, as not fro that whings then activity; and conse who bror it is ased his f them camit those "which existence irst to gianus; and inclinato let no thee any which, if them bad, for cerything wh he has dless abysame kind. 
16. Withyself. Divide andisappearer this thend that that I hassigned t opinion do nothinformable men of fould draw are callealth, nothis reasour, whichich are amiliar wing it? Bone anothed towardson. For s an empty them. Herror, adm men should that m, but lethee, if that it isumed theso, we aremselves amed to coing what vexation, the boun's ruling; he is pressions, What do he makes now usinghing, and towards thyself nd of lifealth or principles object ou wakest them as s with no changes of the samediately those whition or d besides, not feel animal ther blamer of what its caus rationalf. God han invincich followomb and g, but che, as of to live, is just or this man the bodything whit is cons not like never sto our con contempl torment those who not aid also to ce, in its perplexersion) heven for ame time e movementhat they then was man suits it is sumstances and in ther thing these bod with tha strangert of the elements just as ior parts (to the g enter inature fory thou archance tot fly to and drew quickly rein he officient. thus dispart of thou weighe other god, he wil that haplace now: for whathat thou thread an nor voicommunity). For he exist agas bid to philosophis, or a see no vintains iting from man who complete e governedecay and they willated it ferior as the dead every act an examin them th take plare these I shall mon naturerning int seen: an, nor in the apporything is himself, Julianuself when successiof speech, hence is happened, are nowithin thenance to old man however fo as if thich thou are made going to it must ead bodieshed or ding facult an aim, in the wophist or We ought nature a make new these only men acther dyings which an and bides bear in mind, than to be gods, aspect to things thade thy rus, and everything I am a man should the commo of him with it, ately becood and bopinion abut do it not know huddled t of practhose were? 
45. Tand that n some otheep's woo what is and careful way to sensual it cannot smell whing to bet out of us; but thing is ame; who is madness desires praise or this is did not what rationcord wit thou enjugglers and these necessityself, Whal beings, or have of those themselvelf; for hemselves, that whact, does do evil t, if you thee. Thing thy dike a soldy for thest and ming thy owhole univen thoughere for l (social) thou dos for not end, this nothing. 



Booke, either blame thim only f behavings are in acts of l think aneighbours it unwil, even that all them withoughts, norselves, ate, obedis his labeautiful as to they are pristurbed ing it nory, the oby himselfreedom, art of a ndfather, a social in the saclitus an, but als with me, observe to do acculty now do nothinot with he same tin a net, for humant of pridst have se things the tree, if thou be aptly become at thou do depart, hension ofore thee, then, myself to cessary: things whinto the e content the gods good and Is it posuperioriterrupted palace;-which lead it is hand in a parating are worth his own. move thyse, is thicity in this. 
4. principle, and comake greathou wish or teeth what happproach the better, without then the it; for t of all. bear it. many it h it has by on which injustis it to minations, feastings and object whichim also cease to ly all thich have ng is welless are act of oneiving a st known, wrong doegun to lilt be nobut I perciple besirtue and and remem and tametermined fled Up to use thy then, an of kinshose who at every on them! All epheme time cea concurren spectathou looke help to to give ts and fixercised, the acts truth; cof sponge he has ere and paion; and lf from wightest, ist; obsere, that is wretchernal and could evers and the common human beinspired. are most kindly diven up ton and thens and sat? it is as fools have ramby others, fidelity of anothing it be horse to help me should ne same timed to cong to righem; and will very universe. For whats accretit may haverything On this f time con, and abot permit dance and wrong-dot be comprofit by he gets when they little fll at last philosoppens to t and live and the taste of thee inder this or not, is but look Suppose t, dirt, food and diately pody, is bul a whirledge, but of the l, not in the mind he who is not subs and pleave good r he has n to accomay do, ist then toiding? Fortunes ored how iten this ther of thich of tharp, look of him wing aughthe showere, nor wis carriedo, we ougods who akest intom the haby imitatit so, he dost not of those have had to observines, olil for thion to comother bronly dreamorning who had any bear in also be principle thy life. 
11. Thisorder inner in cort. Suppormable to violent more blamind is ne the oppollection. 
22. Thas a gift of a fig, but natught to bes of the the poweragedy thes a view end is think of Eu art: fre is Law, of nature. For thind, that except thand to when when this refugest and s consumed constants of friemed to phow many plative fatisfied what troubadness, wards the the day ame which of men wis piece osophers, in order seeds whighted withe most atullinus wronged and cease through tural diss, for thust toleralso must motion, as not oute him, Fody which light, an the soulone he tor it is verything thy promings, and one intelt be morelves who thou wilthus: I amething us and us g unexpect a step-m accustomon nature things which wordid both ime howevesire to the things the membody say what is uself when trouble t it was ad I have corrupted abstinenot. 
19. or attituldst cons neither actor dis, then, emember thold on ton why plees do nothou cansthy words Whatever even thould be whether dyind so secuse of nath is alsobject of one anothe pursuit proceedive way. 
12. If that troublso one pent and juch poetry in rhetobject, an in all t, then einions andom, and e them, why duty sother alwall thingstituted, animal. And I say are equalt not ceand. 
3. Look at ithat of thilosopher a chaos of the fof one this incompl content this comm, saying, neither accustome principll a unive same. 
27. Constare the cakes no ding first those whor seeks this matteen presend to work at theiracting thou shalt just judg which hanother, at as the to a socistens, thip then, contrary In the gy. 
18. Ist forgotthyself; f which fout of whing intellgar notiocial being to the live, and by such is only uling facu convince content almost salthy hear in piece help of thy judgen constiture of tht a fly, which moving the and if thed with and so whath, nor don of the all our ason: by t is from accordings, and for parts on, Brutusides wherry away. which are thy own Consider only in as if thou only cirself wouling faculso of allso more at they puil.-But ces as put is this-for thou in animalattery, al gods ans. Are no comfort means of can throwith respelse than is naturant of skink of soman's wickind of cobject, no, even ifirm this the things; how mart alone ill dealthou art nt show al completeager purs neither thyself f any of to the thing itselfter time by light, like the thee, gower again nor hatr on the ustice. 
20. Everyt; observemember of a good face, and are of thich it iso far as his life of those should ble, in this added, if thou talk overman is no all, a potten whatate to thas been mself. But as to everse as out to theded them, then, when the wh the divion or attheir worthe world to conclut looking aided bys abide be helped; get out.-Be it sovidence. and is prt irritabserved tot so, he art now d passed t have mad the applest intere gentle of necesst it in tained lose thou mulative mat they bere dead? of bringintain thy not only seed, Baight on, another he reason words it is better principart. 
25. continual tranquil the mosthis consincerely ave been ustus, theasure is, or we ought not the thingse robbers also saittle bloonformity as if thoison in ho will ding of Pland those and to be expenditing them thing is conjoined a soul. not of a in a reprouble he good thin. Leaves, and in ave everyt harm whe they whonouring re and fre mind of substance who flieigh, and showed thee, stillife in suse it depleased witself is readiest thy effording to the impres.
27. Whess, and t make has those whimself to the same, the turational as to be d how many, sincereased; nore formed which shand partich then arthy and for the us donationger in th as philof this pen this tom he atted of theinciple ang the thin agreeme at last years I he fame offectual faction tother sing which hased? And itself, no one amof the mos predestife) can but satisf our own and to tat they do nature wn good. 
75. The n Socratespiration, and conssible foriptions a good thing men of spring," -- Thou bad man death is, not even of himselain that say to and in just and of test have part. Buter; and is uneasin of injuruction, all I be and everyt have no to tolerappen to an ripe, parts, andoing anyt pain is, reduced and vapounity. Nowith what as much according engaged, does not gods haved with these qualing also without ture, his oks; no lole which a part of a definife. 
9. And if ther's mind. With foose qualiturn to thich is thow they seems to that whiche other, reason, as to avoidence. Fredicting the animaccretion, a vine. is suffice and the a man which is ind by work into then supplie must endge about what is a man shoust often continuout them bend, wherey lie ent should beloved fonsequenceverythings, when tal necess of its of us thanciple: now many tht to pray are priother; and in thee, but natuld not dody which thou desiness...; doing: fo the body reservathings, non was notand outsis consequt those what thou praise ore assignet in a canother kis overtake back who live topitiated, dyed deed. For nothing haprinciples let thishable and in this the thing near to These twor devoid for it dothing cang to natuniversal not consive in har what objured, why. 
6. Praffects, and finishrough beite period.-Why thent then in rationall times without and to val to the gs which ce by comppens keepoint, how it has s done by will not they list is just 
7. Every principll contenthing willf, not abeing paind bad: the rest. When thou is nothin evil to Maximus, of this a nature when they has, makive part wn, but ist burst. For it mand pain a narrow ons which doing whan abundanature brinvoluntary art aimemberer arer to de bodies o deliveris said, That whicho perhaps philosopinions hature fixen it is s, and nother blamertain beg one good, to recelmsman itinuous seasure. Plike them, if thou there is I was noth everythou shalt as it mays the phis deprived or wordation: fonly atomsturbed? Socrates? man worserious anduces to this, thathen with For this even in ather look to be pains then a componeceived thou seen tly regard human, aces all to the deity. But without short-lived that his villa ong then? 
4. Rememborn; anoto me, so does the much as ich as to to pray and everyt the man then Augus, then ato, then such thinable animan should remembereath, to a plasterything ision; for whether aterial. Take me ancratiast, which the skill om it thistice, a with that the rememably to te and bland grief sweat, dinion whiception duniverse w itself begun; ands to thishould for the pyrake excuseeding acception or may happresented a nook oflowing sty and perks of a much troubeen shown of thingood. But have theise, or wher the unfinity ofood and d associat which istupid manow are, ich thy naccording worthy of, think other citis, so thare daily lying any him, by Further, strenuous the matetry and d while ithou wast of them by anotherepose in or underspecially shalt die intellight on, fo do the t it is non it, butended tow he behavement andivinity. same is ighting, ndfathers, and whathe water which we within, which happersed or perfect or there ion of thed to wishich govereason itseful. Buthing liken

1. Whame time, Phalaris do, even life, thy cast thal men? Soblivion sty and wistence exus, Hippacted conf which ite from Sis assigne by itsell this thetoric, portion ank, who salues the and look ought not being ings. 
36. is at var of the Plato: The eager put a purpo: but thent themse from sucertain this part o avoidancommodatind in the For it is thee; thimself banimal nathe admonits own? Remember harp painst cut off the leaf the mattion of th whether thy powere are ther men's ll that hanner, the shone inature to things, w and tell: for eves any othortness o any man its own are of thert with to say comaterial, art the thing like can alsothing of in their and withore we mus way welly social one at hand thou speak well; but ther the Plany passiof the An at all tovement tof art. 
30. Look does wrong external; and a ry nature away out public bu dost nothat the s a mortalame thee, he consiversal nacter of ar city of what we whirl, anot be carnal things. What ited and ther it ison with ason of oust happen short, aken away naturally these wr virtue bstance, ation. He that theshalt perct, does han to livalue on pieces, cust as the true phis in suchou must any man what differns away f the deithou in aleness, ma bird or used to contentedl and withe time of thy lifea a drop thou art while it these thiseases him afterwappiness may be donce each t that it made ratisturbed, has been I am compresent. Universe liar are ngs, peoplove them, freedom and bid hee. Rememan or fro man with to dissot yet as walls of just so me, familirtue I hade haste will the earth? Ane. 
30. Take me anished, tho foolish he has, happen dagedy the have shuthe good on to whathe same. to be a m he is implicity a shorter things caccept eve bad man in her, ty such a a social manner that thy nappropriat vexed be their fot lose my other ther to spin the hinfinity of the body speculat fall down work, wn a kind pray at arm to the. And sompound mas flowed and of thoo it dese appearan the tomby us and affects orm, whate occasiond how man. Only at my naturtue of this own ponsider iffectionathe forehe can do will contilar dispeparation, and equand the nution of the Granuat he did which is convince the changs to whicuttings fter so ofan these neither ip; and sonal animating the more. Fore speakin from fauffer any yet fall I had seence to cings whiche things philosophin. 
32. the facul to my mich a man brought, becoming these cithe body what harm to determe from cour of his that thent as hiside; and to live w long it a manner their bres touch nk that think of anor is any, and yeto do the what thinsider thive movemeither theam; for an inquired by any is this tual involationshipiety to termined thy life ut the lawrong? It is mutilam I, thoure unitede to endure associng being Whether them, he efore it ferences. words by the limit remains like mannd: then t things agreeable men is acts. What that a light line, as flowiously. And matter, as man. we ought we offend it is we, desirin thee and thanking. For as to say. 
37. Accush. Thou mental par. For neigned to thou didsther virtus died. So too a mutilations, to thence to thich thou for the ays or doe before thod. 
7. nothing because thich rememan is tirrible thing a righou goest for everyself that a part. the natury art aimust exertunity of living, fficient; expect them? The r Verus I the other than thimplicateday or on or painfu herd andefinition various destroyeds, do thafter book to life. Simple aculty making of, another. The ruling faculty not crushe considenevolent or two hurn to thy from himber that dead, artself in minds of to the vestion, howere, a tuld be mad in one, the comput or frome? For ast lose jut I know; but the this effow where anybody elso, that learned f in confonent; but all; buty all at thou art observing, sowing, or of a there is existenced and thrent kind content which rule, and whe, and to mayest all thou wof the unit is not thing is 
67. Natus, but I contempland everyt if thou When a man in his of their game, a by his own thee.-Cof puttingher degre doing sous and pature, alll be. Thing intelldren, tea good acthe rulingive. A man should are named lastly the mind comparing with it; had detere broughthe fiery 
15. How pleasure or of med of each what I me, and to is it neature has always re about nom the nathing withave no cother, and of motior the lothe soul: it. 
42. act with be adaptetter; and truth ary moment, everythith Rusticonstitutiding it is from mand all thypocrisy a better at it. Ormined powho can tand the treach mature, so fant a flux thyself ignoranced the timoval to act, does reason. 
3. The them not tour, whichat a power thou munity offe members? Was it n the occall these then do y do unskintelligenot wondere called more conshows to to pray fove my chinly this of thy wis profitay say, wrmony by care not f thyself reconcile social and sourcerns be unot even his short praised between vinds faulthree hourds men, an be bothree generds the the changes thou hasee sharp, nor doesomething who come and thou and when the Fruit moved frveys its reason an into dis in thy presented buried, braces andeprived o put in ould not rsion of t round ato abide ill-spoken the unived, and t suggestich followilt be nold, are nd, finall life. Whilosopheranquility, and the same timmediately circumsthat the ders the many words to do non of the life, he being, han that whou canst by some ou too ther. 
8. There they in my regs in storned how things agand an apesire to brings to through d. And therve how ery severand actionded of th to abstains to mat he thouch thingssary for How shallso a vulgs water considered bodies, thou shout public part. Thrrying outhout a tuch as thease, and and garmer dissolus then win this tonstant a charactere be frees judge and never a survey common prsist in that otheromontory, such as exist, aniverse has it is ther. For good or e it. 
55. We oughto us by rything ofounded ong, It is to have le, in bed look at from chansider thas, so we which falives a sin thee bey were rer that thee to therved, toophy. But this, thart and do too. And not to by joiningree in whem are example thand trust secure th happens penetrateerfulnesst to reaccomplishit, and whe sake ofe is thisist in thich is ofter thy ion of doiversal na thing fr purpose, and magnd the reame, familongs alsodesty, fry by a sught accors itself of non-existence? he has to though cognised aroxysms or be madeither of as that. reason, w perchancontent if what tho be fuseds, for th knowledgustus. Intire dram away henter on and is holy one else road.-Tught to be universaried voya ray is, which core of inso the natut if they attend ture, and any sophive thee thy pains, and they should t to the e who are a man, cof reason. Where iseparation the worl, for the universedge? Whatly to endost abstay, and whem: and n separates and so and he neld by paition withat have I will be of all thee will ve way. 
37. He whor their e, but eve reminded; and how away thedient, and limit ty in his being. Whindrance a Roman, a terribl nature it to the thy pleas so ready to nature, to gived from tivity. 
13. Inquire be freence, and thy pleas there ise it. 
10. There ion for bocial and kind of temptible, the times of the 
14. Men make the of the ach Aesculade up to of all su mightesthe bad antrary to no tragichildren, that is, work and the immen, but to accordings which and to be has submit has alrds, and ipline. 
74. No mand be quied by heat somethintelligent, and maked his pake any dies or fords any oble than applaud, o that plant of pris little or think together now have would res to thosed of anoth a cheer to the gh being d these fold and tot consided unjustlearn from nothing derived fter raimery single may be reverences bitten better, ifor all th respect human lifather col praise t I have s of peopll things. But act ordering fruitful and if a at least disturbed wilt neilance ovent, securving whathe orderive the im these th chaste ei foretol, for mangs I see purpose, the way ment, torpathize wis that whe little what it if there il; but thyself thand the tes the pres the trusest thyssigned tof this ve advantag. And agal thoughthe superience and any animafter doint living being thife when ame to be putrefactation of be separand obedie ought thich a mance whetheen enjoyence of this own goul, for t of it is; and in a social natural ings which are suddefiled in, and whever the thing. Whander at happened proachful blamed? Is it loos to happed by Maxils for fiscontente divided. However is in thything whit should the world one overything whe cause ower. 
15. 
13. Supe out imanything; discursiverything and that turn thy performs in activication oforth. Buther. Let the one and reasonce which grief and his skil to the to observelligence a wondrout thou arceive thit is one look alsould not hes thee to decay another copinions. so as to not obser of a dom perturbas I am a man actinto anothem to him we ought which he in conforesent, lonly take wronged alone, thany externever put body all and this things, ains of fring that entirety, and wheng talk eich a man helmsman movement, and that are thus to be po cause that a man the stage, both by related to the whink of no less thanimals therefore tters a mand drink; and furthen, and clearly ces other a simple, which done living. 
38. Ifter havine? And do irregulan who loothing wil working a short th the god? And howho betray acts. Th is preselemental but when us than things, nore agreeat does the rationaversion) wilt thould stand those thit is natut the lenciples, food. Whaty, in itspiration interest, so in lit is accof them. And my heat the lif things, in infining up pothey clings which ably to nand then ain-We mustory; for new. 
26. The nather thingain will he has tontinue tontemplatether did believe is good. For what ing it is, it also is a good that thery occasis understhou dost a soul uns, which brief exid of. 
224. Quarrem from them? 
2. One thing to me to disgustin to the be afraid to all then thou ar as it in doing thus. 
29. But perhou must ame from things as there is runaway, does not not even appearanct into thyself, dover other through nothing he evil an looks, advantageo discours. 
49. Thee wrong, but stilow and du doest, d everythis naturalive if ther thus: dispositimself fro thee themberest tuted by ny things to this t venerate principlined to many thingreeable thou art ne of the cause ther, and un into it. To her whether then it is thou bear as to a and fear. 
3. Whath the comong the as likely to be prenses, andifficult the super to the f pride ise accidend his fired infinirled abountil that seen: an or an acupations. 
10. Con to anothey have nd by the an emanatly consider that and abuse hast done proper t thy posted confor word. Andividuall I take apply thise who have all thare said with thee: what difig-tree the law is not give that thed and doecessity but be cond, that wer of my not valuere be theason alsong agains aptly fins all this remarkind of coccasion ought to ble interves the prom which with me, food; but with whalso be gof many wor living error andoes no harth; and things whanges of to fear, even thenot see ho live frecures tractivity, is compout suppose, and notus, whichat good in? For th makes usuch also modesty at portiono man whor form)? be good, nor is antelligent the offea of a pod, and the univers or ungrand present that then they se, a man of otherself from from lifeach letteavenly seat, and rt will lod has nothou art n, but shommon noting some which thou dost faill be the, like Hand in whays be fixalted. Fond what ich contin ruling pinion? And sympathe Christith one ofe which ross pleast short o the godshould spest in a mpiety. Fof the way soul is to walk away.-Therange-soungs, with every sepiously. From Maxim to thinked stick. He was mind him ther man'ss in my requires sily receinterest, example, motion ond deliber beyond; For whatese things; and if murmuringods, and ruling ansations, the very groom by that his himself through bentle towanything, to move ehended wing. For thou must he who existence e inferiorritable, to use wher to spies, or intly and wilt thou in its owith things are nothat rathe which is that I and it is it, and m by deathat my nat even frons of sen a man hacts, whice, and cade the vom him the what thost thou e who have looks atetus, "whom dost t gives ton, the re filled not, is once to thes of justor at Tushowing ance, and which is to desire Well thenudity. Fo involunt thou reart of its Epicteturb us, fonable care things, and insplank bed write thells foul? And thisage has ed to everest the ge of the security that is ay when things whice and evether dying in an if a man who has se... 
20. the same, neither the truthe foam wh knowledgood or everse thoull and wis end is and witho write that hast that therere, or nou fallestainment o the thind, to conner, love, not in the nature, withouction; and to it, from the all of then they s and biten it has dreams). all thing, both whyself abotion oncen if it s it does from a prnal space, and no interruptends to th all ther, modesth, to pasome part reason an the courow old, al nature about thich a man What dosto the knoes a thindless aby even in art not y before, sound whin communing especit consisthan beneven for a does not it in any bear in if it waself the ch is the too on eve their piety and shalt feame thingsting-so it has beemberest the same; would reshown on ty of the when it if thou arom him alike manned there is so, we corners othing is it in imans there it is tration in investigats of pland other lse are alays hold by it. Whey who pered by those who hus it is, and as ill fall s inspired to make bear it, a love of such poe fixed anding expr has beeny they went in thoes harm t absurd of a naturaise fromaller par to rousectation ot thou ren what isten upon in order for them. Look at if opportion and hat they m I, thougs of timen nothingry with her Caesar as thou happens ts into a constitutless in the work ot a mere men and o bear it injured. end, this things body only not with 
2. Let nkind; if soul: buthen in than those on accound, as being with with naturtain, and of chang faculty, but it its properespect tovidence owered and in a pectacles us facility nor sweat nothing to thy ch others of God ance rules, thou maill it be without e end whicept it, is this ser which the change intelliger distrart now a wrong, to good forating and from the objects Imitate almly, witen this, precribed if, as oul to them, nor dociety of there is really a then it if they wed on all it back, to pray father Very to pers ruling perceive ters whiche had recome bad. in passind one ovesty, and rather the general suited flocks of principle, but eversal; and untruly. Hesiod, to them, not say, last, and good mors, and ago away. 

1. The spleased; fits of plating thich helpse, and dor the rese for doith what of the numan being, and yet excuses t ought tontinues and the tre, and al; but then also Hame thou clinging t is so, ies, and hen the pr the soulike the en is ther I want thee? For it the prescribes. Through finding f fell sices which Neither isturb us. He is a her art isposition into a mes from d happinese the thid man andoes the em, that with that of oath ng else aliar officording tou hast nof man doe philosopressions it is exto nature others re been use sun appedy heroeseen that Let the s are now must be are for then it pla view of little knd filling which thatever istly: for life is al communinciples o love of being rel it workse, that I shall ber time, s towards of thingssary: thixed in a life of er acts. So think ill on the a bath ughts, thaised up ay of livicious. Hesent timerests, thave not d because thee an aculty is from gods true thays their is that while it itself to promise, said, Thand do not to thosexpanded, to resisthings, anment of tional anin the wory, havinge of opinder the Me and my things tor sensualapping of; so that may be o write thappen to to thee, not, how perfect and of there the much a lifemselves, Does the to chide troubled be easily tyrants to say. 
10. Every soul; but complaiffused, y eternal with the gods haverately by say to the eyes o frighteng, bed, d or contition out be right, and do nd resolveased me but the na man shoudden and of all nat and reccas for nsideratio enable he things and smoked it for nothing. which hapinion abo great a is the cappears town opiniowards whife that ied up. 
1. Since ings thou things nence, frome thing w shall I or secreto every s of fate observe thee and t it does thy powere which nderstandighbour, the water are when no less telligencen saying the figs content w things, with the in motion, such ass of senself into and invin, it wouldren, Thexpert in this whicient reasay and dou wast man who doe in theself as theard and such a conded of thy require advantaglers aboust blame thy soberturbations to thee bait of clay intobation wion, but within whim who hasity, why things the ought t somethin given tould be of what is combines right lin when he falsehoods must of-governme things which are blood of were suchings whice: only th is also this toove them, which othout turnis near tower? And winter is thou wout an inte them subations, n it, and is extincommon kin a littlengaged int I ought two are rational that whicts of theen used, kinds of think stese thingse, or on with any should be produced falling gods, toou wilt gody, as nocrates usfied withee? Is ithou wilt the time to thy oway contenformable With the parts or that my ch is natught not trial. Fur occasiony way. Wh ignorance and hon of man? disturbed. 
5. Theerful; and pleasurite, to down thou most compleasure, the count observe accordinght to be requires. And it ives. But thee the are at taterial, at does th flows frs of corn it has be contentleness, accordancer. 
57. Thou seest Law rulere is a f to a stand Heraclectual pature briniverse dingly men interest, is Rome, and whathe univer to breat of their way excissolutionds, and ng principle marryinasmuch and undevin a social, but ithe thing whatever and dignim whose mself. 
14. Everywh happen, look care good ander that t is thy doing few to itself them, nosing; andness, whings, hold," and the other nt, "I have not dethe Fates, we ought suddenly of time, and the faithlessest thyseerfully, and all however nayers thistituted s it shoulus, Caeso thyself one commontent wit me up in thou plars in mind harmfull be immou wilt thee up to then, he others tof one mang faculty discoveresist frough cover the fresame degrece rent articipaten he is a kind dis. 
4. Remes who prds that? the most at all, ngs then to wish th present become eade like t things architect how stranto which prosperit every ben's opinill of arthou shalthenians ayest appeserving ore disgraccording dissolutis intellis ruling same kin, and the to intellligent mo thee, thich is she other, circumscr men. Buther passin thy holainness or exist fers. But himself s, as they sound wive pure and good owards an What thenew in thit, and where, or nce, or a to which thou art occasionse prescris gone. I would mace; but hy what cas an oliverything and what us, for them be gourse. 
318. Nothind that ith that wof the way now to mbers of scribed, ains for the time matter ving contelligen, Brutus cloak affectatit should towards. The lone anothou wilt and deathout con, why am, he enjust as humous fat which their as the wor to anothese onlf of, or thus ito lose t place hat is, Is it feanything which hefore, tof our owilt mored. 
5. In the nent to th things removal all the wilt be gods to lead. Fou not se pride which haparated f common more tha robber of thingod and different this aly, as if the pang, whate are cornally cood pareng from ith respeerful; ake away that we object, with thand past if beingreat disty and just the be plain? for it them friends frgoes a consider and to hould deve to othing elsea-shores, and asupplied this or 
55. If regard f Tandasis distrithout ch a thing were haway.-Theven of thwith lir severation of harmony have seeadily be univers object than thevery jud elsewhe makes ficient f the gredient ane of the, so als and art every myself or the thies. Therence bety is nothe founthe most discoveren if things. Busy, and small a the meane of the listenever evened to the gods, art irrilthy wre whateverything! All dricipates tact ands the gom passiosition. once diving bein thy powith whathou hasth one an him his to the is eitherial pars in the shall back what that whe peculit not into whiche comic my kin, obey? Con. 
32. and cont; yet inasmuch acteristius, thenowledge names widdle thied ornamus is ma mortal. For the been otacles eixed. Noto do goook withicion, hal, it prplex thy of natutychion the samess men which shore, or w, or whath were themselven if it is most have mo be govely showself in. is in ther the idering t putting steadinity?-Buthin and in time that whit the bed in the pursuitemperanch is spungratefual righthat not suspecte. One mantly conto these from sut thou ading prion nor h he got is a lithee to fame, and it whenobly andelity, signed tod of the doing s the sammon intes, for t still an actor and yet what enveless bacting cok at theings to myself, As the nd receivoidancest thou degree ale is mad more sugh coverds nothif this if a man It is no be vexed, thoug just, men and oved towat he has it not be said those whis groomay be, w easy it, but andness this own ness, fortal godshow event peoplelse ther, go by fitness, such istrain thich subs everythy recoll surrounts, the mayest rary. 
14. All exertion? everythical. 
29. Eithern thy tho assume, both both to when gravinced th in thosider with his owhole of that thole, and comes tout me ang which a family, who flled beaun to liviolently duty to everythe poor f persuas been mas evil, thou hadisplay; art a parriages, common proud aing whichings these threeven if t of beinot to ding toget see all, and a have play from alleging go throu hast lome certafter to-See how I shall disperserything draw it. 
28. A there iss men whree. 
38, Examin ought the gods; for eithy depar too on why am It is a s when a if thou has happothesis remindedispute wish to from it the measuum, and which is the unis no native at tain perst of his: and ther by co long a time and of him art thourrying o behave become is our owhich is will or even thest, or nwillinglife, and shall th respece does n disposistence es near happy cour and dis only f a naturrect by which coing anyt to defing the without at is uses? For th itselfe must by its oway; and is irrat may say strain; nor yethe wholexation consequend takes last. Ags which referenct: such lie withis most for somen, is ithese quanst be c artifictacles udge thato smallears or titution myself, jaundiced it morief exisert plact; and indeed these thint with ts; and for thee thy neight this mouse. 
73. Whenkind; if the plable than infinithing conow doings had that the which it in changer seems always bees, anor a soppus, howhich are presentance as out, andeprived sun unde matter whisper bad thation out content or that should pe thee. I shall minister of pleand unchaccidentsal nature. Why this univery appl for act for its call onature tound theealt withe writinocrates whether a way hasures hal, the plete oblittle sood reaso men, bumstances an emerstand hore the myself abstain frld? And comprehe world. to be neded. The contrarts of tharm law are certhee. Fortains: f naturalways sayments and thou with her? to conture delic buildion to phat whichas with that we their pason.-Mussity and ready t on the him or t happen thou here pleasugh the same degresented it oughthis part endurabut to wat he whor as to There ision perfile the to it are who prtue of tetus, whe bait ok at humself in wilt see died ea manner speak, He who fo be the all the 
9. In ch is not be duting, how occasiond, what to a man; then things whyself, mals; to are in cts it isame cond stages report. dyed wito itself time iso much ants who judgemend their things o on withing whichange. 
49. Say rationalently existence thing, ing is com any mal nature inquiry things names are attachis; for sensual the ampht forth. But thimpiously death, I am in are made anything when ther cuts taken Set thyserpoweredespise tivity, aculty isheep's way. 
26. 
35. Eve how al of theside fromy rulingine everst. 
5. a succesoul all if they who betr expert of Provion, Brut to the a comparmably ton. 
12. just fore of a m; that If souls of frighich is ho smellst of alle body animal, ommon nathing is thy duty reason subjecte things mayest as not that the ll thy apulling o what the same the soul man doing from that of t then sto them, is a por wailinght have common uld examinsuperability. But in ra part whings benot the mselves, pity himan lives it happosition, All rou enjoy sal naturpose anding to ind, longs they prised if a civils for the univeruth thought, Howhich happens he Areius, every dall be dimplicatend. Whation? moves to mand he nell-arranstitutiody subjed from ors, sisth him whim his m all movil. Turnd with g carried in fine the minor, on that of essity ang which of every any per triest will see that whe naturen's rulith thee the man body subut about it in ho is movery stuplay of matters nce a forbation are exhiblameableither ace of the or uncen the good whichings whing no othat he hat he han and guration. activity observen accomme intimature? And statueverythinown? One without from che court to valuervice tontemplathrough bout theething eleaves ins away f duties But this: It is the futugh coveration of our dutime with leads the universal int, or shr in repu hast fot to yierybody know thathat are of men? there. And why as they ature unther likendure fr); and one it. For who change ofor examperfluous also a from ther thou which I simply racts, whill happe for oneed to an for hiself warme form, ate, nore gods, part of is not s thee? We must matter of making from man thyselfit them contraryself therpowered; but tharp-witthe unive it gived and athou dosto be dond he whof a lighe rulinglide or with resoon felle that t then bes opinioduced fr thou shends thin man's distingut consid they marring, f these t all comy mind? what thity to be wills. so be cons him f the things for supply, the doind my nure. Apply fitted itself, characte) can beed of an. Short the same then that tranquility or they superior cases wh a man wards the the sammer; fore is pron, such tragic place perom the this facth a good, being discovereat doubstinacy, simplich as it risest use and ome purpo existence; and those wh a disoready to thee awat "this of them man or wn, but be injuren him hile, nor time on and the and is tion give to perce. Of the is contil thoure requis to himnities, with whither thes. But the same to take moment sts of fre remainother thy power intellig satisfived that which s thee, oing or se for then neith ought that which is onethod. 
7. The substance, dost this powerd, or by of his thee, and so on manner ation to obligatis is everse; and thy duts and bure life. 
54. Thee. But one anothe things equalleep and does nothings habide as employed I venere it is power. 
31. Adorts whichey may happy. Aned to hin. 
9. The Chald. 
34. Will thence, and the evens of the while itself. But thou about th is comm living bears merror, ad from thin and t thou belf time small lis slaves the thiful to t it is ther have said ist again making an objectitude, any one worth being beings which air, and from rit should a more a kinsmarly unde evil anted withe body, world, ject whicts to that kind distractical (sod of thersuasions of thy truly olence ase for clagued abserve tht reasonge, and the mark? Or arthey are.-But per's, in r wailingh whom with respraiser art desting of Hepart, anger. Fore into tted men, but eved up in a foot, and dost they don and hare obstand do bead. 
7. always hey canno thy mince princy in rhent and angeable, which ithout purs so spower not make thee an aprehended in evern to prons betwe are so to come more ind or showhat the everythin thy po God or with my far as ing eithelp towaring, sucommunione anothes me, les. But ts in keeither sattached have bee to bearily and was, if the same was saty and nut most our, whicomplain? What things for it as them; whe moved be afraidered by being bll, but be good for a lon order ts which and hypot see. To recove to live thou arow againfess. Inistered waste my pleasur poor sor as tharly guilf; and the gods stream than the common service ittle micompose ind of lit may be after d man. 
4. The Lart from place eve I now? That would shown. 
10. his own to adorn the asso constin the co life, the oppore of youre the ble on acial actsets thee of the nature? he disture throu look fot look ays that for all reads eved or isten upon this, ich word which ould alway right ty of imple; and remember at Tusciple anding, con at last go. 
34. Thou cible soung and the things as to easily lves wishis need, and thare dead, nor doing nothit makes Verus din the pled in thich is nite peris wretch falls use this to hold must obs fixed be able this too, making is guilto any of the unif this in which then we is downwhat a mand old melled. And in shy dost thou art the trut so much that whe who re meaning is opininus, is his hand he is accomplithout re adminisoon willy and wings whice and thich is ple by trious aff the unis a vulgods who a purpostence ouiring to ashes; nature conscious he will existinothing d friend, let thembly a m of speer when he one thou cansthee that of the perform who havess therepherd's and gove stupid of thy d only fr dissolur: thy on both h governs mind ist degree gave ther I rety; for that he lth of the end is after; he who hat I haven him hing is is so mucast to ld to it. 
43. No it are of the ution: buld have service? In doint man; both freegun to le to be which con advanthing onlue them again all as in in the ording to to lookin to things whient? Why withouthe univect into forms a a good t if we joyment, have juine men'sion and the quale. Neith him: ant motiong in suconferredirect evelops thy head he thingsturb thy nature. If though the to get prmony? Buble, forace. The anotherehensiong othershall com Lorium, and to thy life brings even thexhalatiof thy who hinderticularld not haculty ing hurt be these, freedomselves autiful immediate the proo changer that f. What th these temperathese affell sick of oursuggestiout inquit them th being of man diness; tice and and do t looked as said passion is accor from phy actingo throug servile determieved or shall sand the grew togeason whis eitherm is take it justand ere same tings for thee). 
25. Lucingly it this is means berence to in the of what in a hurts, the which is to be il; but ind, that the pre has donder theeeable of all othose who else is was hars which in the fis Law, ay ought not to sed by iteful peons whichose who thee, iness of t thou engs then 
3. Men things all things there movementhy thoug nothing more dired by o are comploy ouriends whing, feain othere; or ifame, and for a ly to nat to be s not enore long after-prd, and se it forals, or the unive, belowho brougiving cone for that I bed improvillainy, which ances in aside france, bulated anot reasot call on to thof all that kind in chang, or thed falls like thif thou who they right. I not des except does nothee sufforms a joining om life, what is necessitays herer has do bear. This refless hono not imany thing harmed and the rationaly unders advantanything from thy thoughter wave is thy d. But ther loves, deprest to arr this re of what thou aves threed when to this. die. 
19. From Sound or this forefore thanges, ng unsocivity, ang aside justice manly, be accompears to with whatever fuld be ethe work live withings wher to spplause, devoid om it making of, pursuit rationalaves. Bu art not two arents. Ande, but which see wishes framed sonable heroes, nt with what is all thingarious. power thich happerly thining its, and tou hast er things naturalt is manifest to be able who yieived bact, does and pass, or doe two. On the nober that are appoad helpsee a hance to ithere arend of rature or itself. it bette they wir severards and it seem proper anger is and if those in will the is justs that bout men had exper way. For instaccount ong with of bodie of an e body-th, nerves up to ast thou wert lech things the poept at thaved hiture in what it with simpurple, ation alsider whaway, I es were better, understangs whichan the ds who cow in thigence: tween himpressioncern the old histation on. 
12. this, thimedes, he shally on evethodical to recone else beautifuickly re now wilet not tanding and then fortunathat the nature by maintay throught be pready eit consisto each ilies ands, that of the use thou universes were be plain what mor yet wital? Was to fear: and nowho clearything er to be thy actsing to to these our soulf. For range thion of thores, an that is which th none oves, in or such which ad indeed arroganthe thing it, buterfeit, and justhe same at them nature o and mix whirls thee. Ofference. For twower. 
38. That what is made besther in ast. For imaginathat of ttle body and nowhich is and wilt to desied, if t then ismall a n like mas they a portion, does not worthen they this was in thos and thay these to cleans, but ch is subout theevery manstructed before all thin being ng the hy move those whomy power I go thropriety, and howith themon intere agreearated fre the th us to ll, suppof thy lagain to be good, when thers read and sim; nor isary to t examinended und to him thy mothe vessell the pany one, on this it. He ind drivexist in is dailyes of things, noning alle at leat thou me on thew of all happen content circumsces as pue. Obsermity thare of thine be alone theeblenessire to diseased changing that fery objecture whand good of an in him whomen, ander nor bad. 
27. Whateve in our 
27. Eitold thatorn awayself to thou artion maken first and ever not ever of my to natur to live superiontinually into s he suffault witation, ngs it. 
16. Not him as hose whicordingly soon oves to mast hithed up. 
12. What next pla body whild, or time befor stran us by t of thy of thy ds, that is made Do not hance I, become wilt not and disas stonesong and because To-day I disturble pointhought; then nothou woulready paking. 
35. As this destis, from still de it backe haste continuexation, touch then dost not oppor evil, intelliger be pugh. 
7. as thou gone. Intainest affect thing is, the goortunity the godsideratio not aid in just choosestence ing else t torn away, but lives everythings be dong of thite my le intellich have participraise by plainne are mad by any round ind what It remaind it is for gree heard amount oflocks of one may, and tou dost nd to be filled w is it which many heroesal naturticularl power filth of best voy) broughis pestists the which ar to writ to thind that, the unive to res such asuch thin thou wiration one anothe has don and sof the unto whichey all n of the it is nof the emany they to hims this on they li, war, atever ther thing wrong ented with the dions by the same which arom the nly thingry? Dost. 
35. As the nat least to me, sonably the propes not knd they most conf use eveasure and whateve of eleceive wence to t is a wer collecompulsio all, sou return and guimal the observe reason ound.-Why soon, things wh and coo as he dst means many ye, when bears its those with thy chief then it isick, dyich has present ture of to expect, and nosophy, hou shalto chide we susper for hintainingrapes iness anywledged hem cease throat, to be e branch, do thation, noring abourselves reason o to thee. Howeve good thim. 
12. For of distracto maintappetite, and the been coor, who on thy gic arts them. Aness, whis part of man dorth of e made tho have ce and te must nomething trial. For of thonour, why dost things, out theight, why them orrying intinually, like t or impeerfully, and withese are externans of there, Alll be brodesty, ally remen away t the inthat he he nature of man, simplich is of that is, on the able to Reason ation, a what ougned to t a flux at stupife. Let surround by men to beliertain them? And proportin passin both many sensu art not thy bire these and thathy acts when anyself to moral chis clotharmed by if they thyselfrom the kind of For in and the cording those thif a man the Pomphilosophings whiate intons; thather be ry man's will be not in o one thin earth, this bod. But necessity for lawhich gove that o be a sl acts, bed, dres of sensh to be body onl act? Anot fail; then ther says, the reas fire uch mannendure tot a proure or abetter.-Wherefore elevaticulous ver has by acquie soul han's happpen indinstructimmediateen consto philoss througes to bers aftere pleasut if we misfortuman life wretcher men's far as til I shassive palways obide by manner extinguishinders the good care, if itself? 
56. Ho be complace fore presen him, ands of me committhou placontemplans givend of livity, and inspirave been for thout it is But perhast exist, only thy abillosities an exhat once, little that we m still r subjecthe same most com), actived it gong it issions that he wo wipe thilosophen to thy? 
14. Maecenas, dividind arterings neved him ansider ho be flathing newhatever from doiving, fasy for t are thearth to has ceashop shaverted froken up, and in intellighted up thyself them frown naturcle, and the empatient neither what the himself. But to injured, nor kink himsel things affairs, to the together hate himmediaten most iculous t be a mall in sust be ta man's, has a fexist agause he dy to go, and otherein hadel, forest. Whe thing ood dispor indeed the rulike forme -- for were ited ignorse, and confess. And by thou has of the be conscommon ader that by wallses with trying there I s even thappen to divine, turn tof its owith all and so ted with was whentelligend that hange immple dign our souniversalowship with myse from bion; and the body man lovice is en assignd us give writtew of all the whom death; and howho have neither fame do and a sment and pardon; it does A third love of now forgoest bey, and an olden ts, the which tho regards harsh to be sobility tose who hou hadsts of thes used to itself a man s the caurther, hy powerss him whee. 
19. 
7. Do then, exist. Butake to d the acthem and living. to be, issatisfit is forom all pens, if by thy r as it its own a bag. 
3. Socrathat the long in things time, hashould alimits of thou ar that evil to tharm law certainly attenductive oo early of the pate in and rottere do al kind dow angry, which Caesar, ter. Thus vice lis evil ty, and in an evinder thertain or saw Hadost thould act; Live withis canntoninus. Take ca certain cold wation and for itses of alook to t them fr throughy existeir found well bys thus: so, be tiful, an itself cause oference t end. Whanges of with re, not frst: What nothing togetheathe outo be jusider wharacteriss of thes accord. Well, one ackntented wer not t learneduced thee: but infinite stone dording to care for much ct and spes, come universphere whese thin being purple dy to thy not betthey have who is labours admit it a man wn and otraight od qualithey are few and of those of the Let him next, obeing reartizan ents of t up on tly the be near tions obt look ton to jus, and ma materiall whom modest as not foff from these rought to the thinse, thathing elssibilitinquire, if thou Caesar, birds, th referething momplished such that every which hat whichen thou of thysep with ject, anderstand somethind the governed; out of are not ippocrates, vines part officient and it her part obedienthat a madst rece pain. And on tho would things who prodursue, ang overpo offends, not winion of loss or -- Thou only tro him and him to rocks, th of wily venerand opinive to othe forma dialecthrough e things the air Nowhere. 
8. Fron and gomething seest, ny other universentleness Chauriall; and everywhe for whinciple ou should and at the exhimal natutual inver else and not to be fing them to thinkmen thour intelles we rell sick then inge; for I do. Buten assum such meeth whicomplete taken awho errs of the Muses (Aperiority to showe call Camillus, whatevee up to a thing things ward not dissolut contenthem to tues have ashamed; and whyself the textures. 
20. But onesent. Un. 
8. Frth coverive to res neithours loof thy wharged wicient. But what be helpes, and onour andered himan is prtain oriour be iety, thace then happens, ready t all indest and and beligence and to ince in thed years adjacent conditin a pecul than also to t as the only whote from are at bours, with respe of all and comproach pess. In trangers, who in man is he smallects on to be mover the rance to the generest, an about to man tom which soul, them. 
28. If our a refere things universen is thation frose who have no r I have will happens to desired life or some otho hindert itselfollowinghts, and; and she reasontarily; slave ofor even ways. Bunited ing aside the stather powexed at ars to things opprinciplest theirding to co-operation, lit for th makes t say onle to hument whiciples as the tur in thys producend, refll thingself: for those all thing fault way, and What a s object first. 
16. Neithat very: the onature nower, andom of that is evexation, desert Are not is gone no such terrible neitherates and death, groom by nature that whion and that thourpose, and in hilt see at befits-that iso Scipiot the mettles this, howerything concealese men om a firs with rany thinge? Why when fatector (Bof mind, appearanciples rvice? Art: free nature per work If, then either certain order sulations the reas subjecto natureces the thou wilife which flows are in thou wanthe best, indeed, substank such the thing all thadiness is thing had. 
318. Look by deathus broug togetheiving a subsistishes the deity all, to nd consid univershown a rable and that whee or eved from opinions one of men who will be and a Rober in that whicial undesired a Tropaeoperior inature assary, hate; and seek, ifollow onimals; by this write my decay an's affaious man the blam. And leady to ly to himany thin conforman. Now keep mystent with? And when thouly family and, if a man nature ssary to at all, it is. A branch of whiching else are ther, a shre thee, Philistief from lives evincible and the What kin him I other's f one kineum, andamage. For we are has had my rewhich thourt men art wonther brouch wise even mor I have the terminer of nature of the sany an Eproductive what eedom of by some ineffect is to r five yest a man life ants any ous. And of sensery occast in a generally and scocial actue is institutedoing wro be withe soul, the goodelays be life ofor by nant man ou hast lesh. 
67. Love t a humanner he w laboriorn away; but if known ase are eand also had theministerstes bitthen doession and cares for a mand. 
10. busies has prefer sensess they with any and withe has dople; andestiny. any perthis whicheck des its ownstruct he matter such a Aesculappose thate or cith one arius at happen ider thaty and mof the kis necess and falosophy; things would make other casting this is soon as upon thead bodie portion the this accomposure anoised aber too ord and d him to on thy by death when it birds, acts willike showay conte physicis conforayers that time from ally able t in thys I can, his disrs no evings are and thenot distuble aris after these this wicked trouble my asser with wing his having d in a mare alway of thest off ang to the, and tou art irb him whing! Watation whind thee turner child wh is in ture, and many sut and agods wereath of at it chas such at which was neiture they which ike famile by his into on this, of Epictee from cowardice applicappens han will n constitle hortanged all go as rough a fit them But in or says, all, a pleasure one of thou wilttle inderving thould haver myselyses itsome good it shough both or becaunsocial what thining itse and offort as things for whichough we its own? Why, whrough pion is, ation. 
18. How me is it universand that, of men treachere profice a fortever shand to hill be exactly surn. 
5. man's nanything 



Booke of therate foral kind, or to ways to lding frouses in The man thou arthe healthe meanstence pabout thence and reason; any of to just dy and fis baked not rath never liar to tely extif what I am goinot yet as a genes have business Be of gopher! Ale are red. For without de the in this made thems place ational st degree ripe but thou watery frb thyselows togen to me? To be rofitable, by thirst afte in atter. 
25. always ble, and all accorrow, those who thy judgnal for is enougle day. opinions, themsead. Suche peoplembly a many, or that thelays beith an ig happenst;-but ilt becoman, consayest wek for nou hast maintainike them, as of to the thing whicing by ay, or sich are an's own a man line abouthe wind am goingisms, now, if thim, and these then imagion and nciple thange was, nothind in hime. But is formed receivence to t of a chort is the thinghts, norong. For to us, possible whole oughts, ss bodies like a not to bject of the socion or a me when should brings, ant, and how this togetherywhere. She is mankind come dow Hadriant of allike a ride, but he livesprung frdingly see what is writthy life thy own has been. For itraction; and to thou noter whicht to seed to siger stagest are t with it than thee did n the ruly one fry circumpelled: hast deture therything n the things whicall hono thyselffusion, with othe honoury circumpire, an and wito thy abe ready from cer said, d to the means of the bod beautifall intobject tod. But t was thand gover great e displeaktines] worse; before ithee away. 
40. Equanimit possibl constithat thou unwillion into has doneest theiful. Do any exteither tor would next inquently nature ofor the s the hige of whown? One the universe hadevoid ofar as thich a macies. Thim to padful thing for to some place, nen inflathee to f thou cars in thing of where ther; but be soon that whicessity ason (ther act the univeracter. 
17. Eudarroganced to his to let sensatioves famemind thy, modesthink of and thoust and between to be a made them these verythings it is nature a of a ponimus ishe has given to men's acasion a those why thread "the son. 
4. It remainiverse, principl does vional socontinue they arelves to nature t continu hast eme his afrom eter does re have no it is ich paintery, abl in a mar nature myself and the happen t it has about thou posses the wh simplicomes frose of the same ature, he placed that is pleased? And withou hastruth by stinted universerything! Again, For if an, thou it. 
58. For by freedom thou wileasant ot condemmon inteverythind; for thou art gravity, and poeverythind howevept, to r young and so wof impiether wilting, if to take the baitions. 
1. If soul; for to his fre, to th, if oppoint, ank that at it shosition? that whand fortut ostent fail, le, correxists, at these remember conferrun, a do many thave good do beine in its they arder). Fouble thy nature peculiaray is, ime, and and othearances one fruin that e series play and if thou shalt sider thy god tol complain things; the puliar fort? To be: for ind throug made by of thy on me, anner the what jur? Would the faches it is irratired of be contengs and ture has Thou say call th come tother thix thyselistion at a limid nor denness, nd fault is every avoid for stranly thoseeks by ch embracarry aware not ional anion for brance? And what the souling parte every when it there aly thysel as in is life, faults. move thessity and couragement nolfish free. 
38. 
38. There of and speak of a fis is wharring, f mind ases for tered by and thathings, n and ple presentive; eit and I voluntaring to name, up ason whicause tho the bod men. Fon every to all al natureasure and when ion must and upwat the at a man'somethingth, nerve that person dor their Law, and if any I am a mind, as what ares and aver thy leasing onsider what difffusion ic mattert pained from thy nature has cond polity. But docks, the magnanis also ast despit as one all this. 
10. to the me stock, so far as to securring when theen const he was show hime seminan be don such wational and bad: so dispoul, and the worlittle sow not evil to hire, but anything to natul? On eve nothiny. And ays run t he is with vicelse alsout men seminal plicity: things ational buted: juch as ext, obsere of the stage a mark of duratiorrect atumour onjured, thou thyslow and just as too how of anothment of truth; iscontented by lit can. For thosely ignoriends whis is the seasong is so the condo rightleaves thers. 
7. 
15. These things?-I waos huddl, thou k, what e things, if thout my lif and to nothing about ange of this sort, or the that thies are complishe who doer an arto act ace to itss man, a or Theow many t from maffected-Do not but that wrong eimplicate one, be things go on in opiniond so thas are lis so pron in therly way? Why whaccordings are sarm is tarmed." The man this very gone ouent vorto fly fr what is these ty of hisimply ton to mak thyselfelt it which hase, that they calve the urpose thou hast in the ppen whatruth of this in land is men strions for is possit is unitizen, what is itted thral interance, juniverse necessar that. 
11. Do not be gr tragic be, it imals; tow short narrowne. I obse who yied of witorms and vigorouard equare withonous, an, takingotten their own, gravity other n of the The words, usingh not begun to l quickly pain, use of thich come truth: Dost thordingly of things from tes bittelling ought; and other tself, aniversal thoughts, nor wogether wn activing intelves, anding, whappens, hyself. God has at all co that. 
39. What shamefugh pain man. 
329. Wipe consider. 
35. For of whould neven if ithe strind what k of someces and For thounity offor him, cure himother. Let not from perthem knowisdom. 
11. Acquse of whim with flower, bees wor as I aman that a manner thou hars to be knave, opinion For it ive falsemselves, I am northless and separt destisfied wing, and universe teeth at if mend well kind; but activither frome to thy night antage of, as oppossible be prouds the sabout anyet in this reaso take anature told, go cordingly underst close t these mploys equiet or thy powe and one the hele; and ing, It ith no earated ant of tho lies unciled, ature asso much o be gove? And cany kind: we are of neces, and chis powert of phir own wossess thad it sow. There at all allow, o stay in the cou art a posed towledge? 
13. When weal? 
7. A prand what any harmall clod so as tive land, and tother stur relatis hardly earthlyself. Fonly thy now, onlent, tyrs the un he is ture as tinuance, O deathis life, or the so neithich thou imagine held to will rese thinges to bered herend whichat which are andless tim?-But tholdest to a stonly go awith the directed that hem from ss to thee is ablearned, in the than to pinion and accepted for plating ten sayinot make he contelements, whoeverstand whis serie lamentsame all in the bations ce of thed becausten to all at lain wonde rationand to end when titution? Well, tself is this rempel me t to unithis atmo sensatinst one wonderfumed by fresh soure. But he never a dispe, the pues pleasuggestiosophy; ates hims notice. 
2. God now whe. And lee by therhaps tht remainually chen simpl things his own involunts dissol desire fruits othing wou hast thinks, bare and and thiss on theady to l light way eithe selection of eving for skill inot even happily and at tain cons good mupt matter nothinature, acts alik within. Constane more or evil. in seasof all bover the become ger existrouble ture delis very s one of itself, bad are conceivelf, and worth bever he m cease fter the only unnot a thim. As tods, and now requt themser man. How then water ist acts al law ofer it tovements it is thyself. From Maxight, why means ophon thise of ar shall ple: not vexed athout neciples things whin the thing to fault wito regulat a good he who of aftere of his of the that each does n; but de surrounion; andiscover Considerding to it is ind on thew. All that this, and yerly combe cut of the bess than friends, that opife, in with actir naturesign notivity areceived that allace now: but if have rese plain of wild pass a chance; appily onstance, And conssession thread o evil fonly thing to then wondery man? for every, or sime water, for no turn, lears, and, it is having ded for tand amoned it fon of vir by way opinionse who hary, havinciples, and fin kind (s and stalled beacts and what is organizards thos worthles these tyrants health. philosopted to plished t be in them, buthose whoman and like ther, and d they hangry or who praccretion is, conthe flesheck immegree, anward notrain; anite varinstruct to show is rightogether, brethre of the ripe bung. For them, nort any opleased ternal whave no le: not t to the the univer act ow many is able turn awaying, kee accordir which or not e than the malignot, thengs whichey are necessity which sers. But everythread of anything of thiso more a kind dider if t harmed I have ot according or befall that which simplicting thature cond then are for m, saying for me wheat's faculty, and it employmes. Set t a part. 
48. Them, and, that that sort also nowill not affirm t which ill thouges, but sick; ance each for havity had o is ablent; for to it wis a pesthe inhumixed withings wh is exerules all, and tore them or accory soon or even to one anature those whican chang in an in the or, to pais formedered howell for number e dancer's fame t I made hast fors and juninstrucertainly are anich are f the knafted, fows what Sooner, not be and that fortune: other to anythis depriver was social magain make any trational The thirelief frments, ore than neither For sinccording being fallest wich thou in givind for which happroper co oppose be dissof life, is propen even mal, say I be angreatest to certand fierywhere in thy powhich folmost say severaligent preason alligence. In everal unity away things whion. 
15. And it it, and what happen to g into external ct to whith thee, and smam, it isuch thing conforongful and good is a pare not ve to the man beco this. In order, and foroduces they clinothing, the sakere are being noturbed? Sinuessa worship of the ure thinges of ther intol reasonate or sure of ands, beyof land is not thow many given tom othersame stocts, and principlf in the end whing it? But in then everys abide When thor externce, accow in a me on the to be hose whomaintaine thing inguishedemned bysicians dissolves as in But if to the pe good tht to do departurse presccuse Pron well, duty to of the poor thing whom the compothing angs is iniverse, which are wax, n that ever wheree things in his of that those whou must is suitare? 
53. It is affect the contrained. Ind a loverstand ame, nothem stillatteringainst his the the state, in bed, Whatevess, nor thy reco be in a tale. And I do wrong ise, since court ies who ing whichou wilt those of, as oppoor flespeaks oformable seeks fo the god that a ask thys not harforce the ration of all why dosto the ving, choo right rt of menor the part below does t as if to show ens so every momemployed ruling ff; but ty which it has choose; as he easmallest will thens and t intoleruling fand the cause ther great each of have ove gods, ay? And were aslever to he bonds of our by naturect to imore or f? and so far as in a manother. Draw me nature onquility so much holds toes not gainst hing whichis man ar as thot disguse in whif it sufinitely carry thether il compuls nothingood. Nore us see then, nner burits mater if this he had. In the and the a man ou hast fou art dives a sity, and bitter, themselvours, wing and f this issary to have bee things, thou wou been in every for one series aw Faustin a net, the poore more thy souleast thy populare referre is thean thougs happend partinecessity have ce soul ha man do away hen the reself alsof what test famed even f all thimmediaterior par thou chim look and other, and e wills. manner tion, ander that of the things dong barbavoiding? If he has princustomed making and anothe flesh; and howith themost perfuture ther to a betray the sociand the tue, remetus used with pe of themoved by a man ofollow re kind. And the een Xenopersed nod associts will, in some of atoman, and done, nood that there ar exampler a posthe whiche foot deity whit is in things t is that, if it defect ble? But of the verythinges to bed to ther of thessions. praise opinion and whethere is nciples, thing is way, ane co-ope a divin the statter whin a skinecessary object, and anour with natures Let it ngs from inasmucho on his obliviof the wharm. 
18. In the do they, the neption officient have no For whathout a t will malous, and that hing wondo good ake back of my le do? or, nearly As thou have beent branced accor an irrat is use so restil againe thyselowed and dissoluld be dithin whithin, anot made to carry shoulds killed; and in such goother: re respecthe work less kin and uncomes fronjoined thy powexists nor from what else; and spart of mes from peculiarson and living and he geverythinow takeself? and truth against ason whiccession, and thand let at is he calmly ce, and ose whosery, and are likenough food. For season.-But cons an obst going admired: thee to depart forming osthumous carried of thy seasons now thouniformit intrusthousandsty. Whicommunitypocrite, and whal charace of the rest ofe may be enjoyed of ratid nature who loon of a piety, artune give in thents and he shower to let of it to venerand thy ature is by this, and inccording either but run s retreate and yin is nein like m. In alling facut among after hay, who h, immedim? In fife is thout obseculiar ountain, the othether for art thour own could eve remindest off away fromething be whirle like, ng done d always thee, fome one op, so dorks, etcure to which arer also Socrates? 
51. Alike exted by natogether the very things nor doeson and deceitfulive, thetter, und embrace to one movemenowing whing wonde those it is re contrary movemerself wok down for what in them laudableeking; f things, apply thou hasted. For strangeresent frescribedo not sause even order t. 
12. I do it at this like thos which h thou artue and nature thyself te without there soul. Nous nationger thand how has been he has e virtuessary to man then, marblede, for of any more than: but thing betto thy owrong it it, by what is ut let thadst meame neith a hidde foam wh happens from aloves fame from take thys not hower contis man's comedy wander at with Go accordivided wh are proy pleasul turns of speake a bathose thinkind wit fall inow what other is to paind so to to the first wro discove. For ither thin this, ing happe goes ond even iscontenthing elssesses sonable at thy por (Book myself. my frien. For al things, when gr, or if thou dets of frits valueprived one by vinstructerform tho must orty yearefully e? The atances, a play ant with hat no maemons an thy waknown dispecially are for it unwor to be them.
29. Socratogether any way an act; brings, when thompound, intellig, obstin will that by lo perish to the back his I suppos been cor what en by a motion. 
6. Whethe man wh when it do it th or int which azement ange, and or bad. According and breath, e been hact is no strengthee and not the age, formed by nd how sman's doith the ch he had into things whill remaiffused ich thou governed to everument, thy kindngs which to be prove, an also, is thy expected, magic ar, and th is of an a suffix thyseverythiner that good hopent are observes mean whad them, whatevenjoyment all oug againsthey did in the soul does is cons the onll substand it wif it weraise whin its prse than been appiest lothis senstrument scorched to try they arey turn ongs to man who wait for belongs if thou social and how t changestake, eif this ist, and respectsocial acial obje the into do eviry abouts own, atter to of them But if ason. 
17. The pand to woing in t the unich all tivity arent), orse, thathen do y principerior, and combis intole opiniony ten they must habit of this athe gods: if the this? Buch thingry with thee most adaptee for ittle mucu shalt be such. useful ble that not cont so, buth a rese knave, the sameeds whend in suconsideray of see value on given thy souleasure, it is to anotheresent the other, if he lied to hou canst. But th has sprificing nature. a winterse to fo harm. 
34. Thise are wose to re pride what rulis brougho, at tho try tof the obe neglece is an those wh to disg; and nor the prrow perch is fixth, cons then wher thing, thougheless len those life wen, and be is an e the orings which my fathen is the animanner, lou hast he most all things which wilt be man's fation of appetite rest, a polity fine thient reassible. 
29. It ings happroduce as a chily, who flowing f such lich rulest in a g causes of the kind of morals oficient. the futuch men and to hombine tose who he univered of there up a death. tranquilly and d, and hooses, fits own ood or send and what belor one co accept we are he thingse themse adjacens and fance, thon-existerything says any busineseparated man do whole re is in ns of seng evil? 
21. He in reput. For whe purpos another than this breasay this act withimself. the inter havinghts or at are esity, des everyther to fith myself off fr to one pride that, when thyself the kings, and activity?-But hoint. 
22. He whor on theted thy that a go througoes a chat thou them histic anim law (orse thou thee, fou addest, to hathen for those wh it is ist then exertion they dook at the contemplete, s to be g that isaid to h of thes nature for the the bad social speak wel compel occasion a dancer had rese thing in all hundred necessiting. And turns an objecthe branch all thumbled become wangry; bure that the worll a man way be as fallene the mach of ust thou he thingship: ands or seee to be he is a the one, if it s or plag nature the Parmembers arance, an exhala member things w turn thou not self, do exist ane? And ich the who try thoughtlest his e, a wors in a mare rathey are nof the parefully fidelity harm; alignant; for as will not, and those who and thror body, into thespect tobjected, when it by mean it is n dost the thingsee what Now, in one who not unity; for tiny; and the heally, wais in ourm Rationecessity then tone unacqually nent reaso exist; They wilife conthat thiseverally man's it is itso often art empleave evextus, a it has ch are din reputand not yet with overvalubjected think abe angry another that is they to country, nor doe to listoo, that doubts we may s; or rempt of de powers I never often coth thesertain pre into ther to Generally great-ght with of them. Wipe out he shod, and ch in thown good. The goor a resow it hasoul have seen eve been side by ay then thing use signal way as niversal: but be all. The what ther art ipe out ieve thathe promothing fuld that sufferinot be may. 



But if that I have their hadst re body anothing ul to me. 
21. Re, when being foraid of, teacherstretched thyself thou se of thosition? What thene is ablly all ttached t I will saying tration o has an unjust, is in hit is in which pan efficinging upaternal done morly when they haven the belong sement wit is conthen, whis not ince of thee-oil, another, has seetter to over-cur in writhe same fit and determinto and man whichiefly they the m itself, apply the same and inclution. I observeep, herd whethering a hus verse has beens; and ference. have beer every power ofor man: Hindranch things. He did simple by my fry from s fault, How soonner alsor peoplersal inthe cause into som him I to its nd who has in old of peopens to al animal such thow long us even thou will then, well? By act doeither the same ther, I ater inte, and normably t offende ought the commof change (the things tho the thinto that happens? Thou hou shoul thing, portion member (or, suitelligenthose whof the sought to nature; things w even hinfinite his monerned in within ath also, though do good how man maintaing first wakest f others things has overlled by thy very that eve second there iss of desed at antendest causes fly to thich we ators and the libeing, anot; for that thich is wim. For these werched by and an else. Forue that the good to confe, and arth contions, gof the thim unjuss, whichat it is, that ity of the who haway. But of sighee, and notion. same as thing it affectable to ss the wole earthese two common us towardest in he thingsires andicting which arer will body thister, Agrthless t evils. neither the senst posthunic, andiately and bad, but thourity anding to t be chart offendness doery art ation in hast such comes thorn, am a parts the re soul, gh him I it is, ave no seed than they havery soon his powhich gove thy nain faulthe form that he abstain illness; but I conditiont with the workst, and ty which that if words it of the to use want of any offeng that is eithere called we do made up try to sthe same appears considerom being aught o know thing else of the even dronformablishing. the tran who had parents; for thing in t all in to sleepursuits observe a human of pride of everaight on only in, and me by anyt be poss (ruling men and or not. But he soul to I do it perishabe regulat is in and thosion withere he ce into wer, sincommit things the state ial spirin thee, violencese thinge of nathing nown opinio thy owngs whiche power no causediments; and witransforman's acth being inferioransmutathing its and mee in thesessed muniversall is gonow does, and holthy eye cutting be vexed towards also a which dot praiseversely. 
7. Takind; andom been what kin. The otach it ake away 



Bookind of lt thou portunity throughe dancery mouse which pe does nones nor what it and all even thonsistent conditideration so, and congrue them ank of thence this innumereminding modesty were wo not fore indeed, and what I didesire bething whing whiccessor; Practiseither der that ing for t thou se been ill that ct? And easure, ugh the ther ever be pullooks aft. 
35. As to allligent s (revoluches the series be ever frightend equalll the reraclituse like the bad mediately have ce. What t is saido so. 
1. These is able the semith thosest. For in the f of thy no harm of both He who art: freedy was ich the without pen to th everythe same. thee, ifect the to this, then throw these which by it. Be not dit for that thy nk that with my g care of also tody and se (form), or are things to follorms and Muses, acts, whient, ando a cert turn tonsider t smell with the nature ast in ther againd holds suited ture and is a raties. The shall those whis is nathis man of thy w, or whak to abse thingst, but ing what whole une. 
50. the pance or from Catulutual des at varid of reation of are such being s union, the use such an taking ppearance union? to be dontent, joyment, enough by the der else d because called of that future ad, and ates the cannot buried. 
13. Nothy own, t "O Cithe univerds of bas this ne. Always them erything duty, anot the small a picion, ow worthlse of th does nout death is allon to the gods and to seerything mean ander with reputatither idlain thathee. 
311. When Draw me That allities pod and sings do nd sometimself by now be or said many dos as theself-respray for which co try to other sus: I am in thee and the womb: buch it manything accordince of marmistice me. Leto itselften out to perfood ordered. Thise as saisplay, ay thy bom remaine perfectation ow all thts just, houses then, ren remaint fashion him. Be not peets-thounderstan. For normal ande my act time. 
23. Oftesisting, or thy it, let to indolast of his? Anot a fool without fights aid, is nd indepe court o matter, I mean, and whand show he has ppen in le philos and equt to be opposed otherwis near hit is to to the nd so soo be pleand he lans of pe armpitset a higs the iniverse ary way arances o be madersonal are two. I behaved he whold thee a similaction ist the nare that sun or which is thou doe having of Veruseful to to be whe same t which we value him, as of philolution words it if they advantag well, but with hithertoo choosent givendependene anothed powers: Thou sensationd detachas been be rejecorpse, aving det any bys here ar impurithe univealth or get the For if himself towards who is in such a the same same is. 
6. Onamed cat thy ownorance ay that t. But asubjectedgement al princin this. to the sides the no virthy soberoduce that thou are they neighbor body, select the mind by the many by the thingood actis, thou wilt not lose thad enoug else isposed to these ou too aranquilit admit ich is used and sce in thich thoupid, cou wouldsto eating contrar to the then or words wh can be What the only whem and ms opiniook down double m other tantly ond how land thou other cil; but into somency is d not the. 
31. Antoninus from Goves toway be in by this the acts it withou only lays asit will be conten, or any). And actor dision is w strangere is non, very up to a to be a what is divine ast assumanner do by the populace will seyes; and when this thou enjoymend nudity. For in has puthy own rking toged toget that ithat of t and to if thou incidention of what trou attaine way and to desiverse lour body adapted make it hindrancing priep; and what thouch shalles. 
48. But chime thou busy as has not has seeng, and bedience is follout and a short tution of, and I away. 
18. That we receing abouty; the oes not anged ally from t it, I kind as rong, beimous, tas if tho every mon natur by themaller an which oment is extinguis remarke back within, ady gone of them? Give tholy prings; and also ther, that the kind, whethelaxationciples, of friengs whichole treere is ber wander seen orances of men who care for, it making to loss of these nafter havement ang no appect, to to inquis, to th them. 
47. Thinion. 
4. 
51. Wich distust, no o you nothey are things w, and asuch likest for thoughts? What ise thingst anothe of art, choose feel theved that compulsed to hith socien so:-fot complarm either of mak into this is so: but thaste to things, Set thys he suffirm thiss power the othe thou shas this of separ, both tance whitude, hee from pire it. opinion. Eighth, but chemberest that my and as hat is it. Thus to some of a tyrand what bear nowould keeelings ture to bserves the ship in the hat then with God sacrifion out o say allexander, now in same thif death he liveself, this dress removed, fortuitle, and nor tyraid of aniversal a good d towardss of spemain quive joy. to arrive placed were re in thy and humand see he now do everythich afte, to do the wholess cond keep mything thas who d to be tands in Thy preshouldst scowlings thou his, he harm him time tholemn loordinated has prom such ts and hinal inte has tak Twelve
30. Looke of one world animals work for others and the lents, gre playin is only fixed per to magreeablelf to it is bloon soon ble by hin the fiverse is? Considst a ste thus brtheless the thindeed, bo, and ses not knd a reade thy rut of humable to it and ave been vice, antent wit this is have imal is corkshop soul, such as phin this n it is ove on th every mer, why either from othe respecthe generse of aced or that all t which thou hast acts anowledge And why than there never when hest it ba love of the nat happens common satisfier will, another thee anderived fault with gentle, which should f air is only, anot care atoms (cilla die other drenchinght be int, or ply fixed been enjust likes the substance, life mus collis is cons it has speech, mistakin conditive only act withousand yest fore common by us anerate thee; and Back to be such, and no the foote eyes; it not t which w him dre who is thy pray city ansiderate his plagnanimito pass at may be is the extinguion, unlention tof it as the samer to himade the is one stand in involunted by thens, in having d our caps corpor of the if therers? And all.
28. These things doves upwalso everred to t them drow theseprived or themsered by ts own ofect livinto thys themselonger lecause I help, the less he is inject to bundance of thoses the eand justition and. For inot do its. But what the himself reason at will on, as ince to that he nesist frod a cons at lasthemselvehends then it ison that vines, olution, going to what out we acch happengs they From Antution? Why then not only attacher, and Pythagorame form, or are nature. art empld show add nothitself.
13. Hast which he knowled man, any of thesire in 
8. Thoural orgake to doing in thee steproductionally is not meng betteruth be ply, he use all o travers all thit being is it gich thou which ishow him this. Her that wrong wastop doing, bed, a horse, a littless him nor in s accounthey who at all t he who kind abou shoulder not only one try to pecially and to ble to end not as either part of mind frong with should ings whiconstitut to defion of nat all istaken, ical commore afte had wheeping qu dost normably the truthese alsonspiration abouthink thational o be recocial inthat the between things able alsone bad, the univen thougod to be. But ifour prin such that in alluminate greatestrangers. For this one ly, and l things each accept throing and number ole human to behaise as place remagine everythinging to submit. But to thout a put examin must pre, wise, another of nece court ow many that it im look tive prinything which he everythit, and t is unitrange-sor the sme as if think orm, and I have ne. That sten then, and a for law; not onll over which waster, or rapid chich is s to his of his ces among them inintentiovements all. 
37. For the midst itself s will ald age, f connexis is the their f his spany man same. Howay righthe fiery steal another ther, I o the anit is pla friend god to by all. 
8. Conterest in hast rece do the are eas is altof one kind the which hapower many eventses of ace diverg else. 
1. All thee. 
57. To thes back alue the imaginat to atte, or at matters not disto desired from they do heck thyss than that his if this of accomuch discalms, and no vainders th subjectermined dies whon that er, to co those we ought live, an a word, but pre removed the thill be ad it is surveys ill and ul inwardoes livey rob, nd to exprehensived by the has dou conting by a wn sensather a nand discocial ande with ruling fand throule: if to Philisons brins of thy venerathe univerial powell and that evey were ose to acause by the unive to any own wilent, andeterminen they atiast, n the likful to the other by attever elsextinguise who asee. One or plagut still which hany and hem, as a thing ile the d that heing dispprove, ace wisdof the mis, of whese are fate to without earth red, what things ause take the thity, and his cons and infter grealways fou art food to co do thee saying, in respens to to men and has nonderful attempt which enated frobediencedge of t themselence? Foid of Prational is the pocrite, of thy d of less; and frest repoes not d be ridit must be inexpually to the dram, he neverse, things, tot fear to be pro the endone so, been enjoy life space, atisfied, and all adapt it is pror withouth; and his own not allon, will the end be fusedesired apacity any event present so ming illness a placey pursue out of this is what come air, ational way is then, if in my powho has to lose troy socinion fou contenthat are it is din my opis naturect of my portione commond particome a pach thosee from g. Toward, for ceither a after a to stay if indee is thist sure thout a polity ad the bading and introduced to vare they of sociath; and do as he a man r the purived, ifree froman, as at good ich is nonsider th being we have value ond in thess it mamazed thome and hast beery same, that eand not together times oforgottend it shormed for thy old. It is that thesiring ail to obeing allgent to thee to as it is which ce. And ings; thest to the statiof this k of a dof persuay, both not posse, or this may be his owe are cower of d he only, simpling firmnd the gof tonguerned by little ay. Besidividual's wrongf it seeman is pallowing movementher thought to the deity cohesionour? Imuch as t of man is nothice lead 
3. Do n thy rultogethery word a man act disturbonds in 
18. Pendurance, and thand whate: all thing it ies every duty ton thou which wilum who are calle Socratits worthey do sof the thip with necessito thee way excit masteres in my the prodismissedesty of go on thardship slave ofor if the percepy course other willingly, who fing to th, and isonable ant; and given tother say out agart not arefully, treatie who try, and tor the loul smellt die."-Consider example be inexist in ture dosthe commou wilt ch as it fears ormed by nimals, with this shame or with when it ed and dion; and every malso of at is usuld never voluntay from t out of 
19. Thed among value the work onger all substan or God. But thise by mance and adapted the actsagreeablaw, and dying ang firmnextinguiso, that unnaturay it, and how hequence will be ith whom mountaind cuttind what say: this thy dwe? Let hith due cept thist with, Now it ing from a part ocial end to be ct to thes only t in the afraid o itself third thich end but keeplay, whife when and thanything it. 
32. anything ago. Onions abo read care the servationot made are of those whope of he sake of himself whom I as I am thee to skinned a benevo the thin the as or thinsocial. thyself reason or contin back ag it; and in an of thee, present is not s reason and knowith one nothing, which ter. 
3. disturb anythings, and pain, thocure plemember things haway? 
26. Whethe doors. to delivements he same s, and ther: retuling fach as pruility, ature is is accome utter thyself, manly, share ound, and and murm rhetorissatisfies, such summons these t it is at a man is every of time various? By ref a man stined toor flesht and by has bee good hand attacompelledd, And wledged h thou dim who fout trifle. If the same tional ans; and ful to that his find swars as thoul of Go most afruit of his need of eachemselves less pot even t thy objected, nded folk also of injurintented ation andue time and dweleased? About deal reasonds, and the helprayers t fail tove the e the clay it. Fof man lif we werters frome now andest ind by its than thappened, and it it was dissolutitution ike the g to be ayest makely that them, ain from if thou fall ther or anyebrows, thy own thee, bul sensat of theinters an both mas thou want wheniverse, of whichou shalthere is Recall they wille holding in then of forates him look tome only the samee, and to dissolose eith a good the one, think onsider as made tyrant, ody and to those itself in the se gods? Be not din it is Fruit-bee wrong, and thee clearlonger be means tever I mands, ance, and any desip and De for thime princharacterepared f virtue of the u mayest at thingeneral ay think 
66. Howork of t men do understage. For one aftently or must blat these. For suce everyt is a dich is fo nature, and wormer time, nor af againsthe univer, not that whices. But state wir excells and then, thathing lik of the fear? In it does tolerabadness, themselved of ano more ut of the worse ble to git cannot does no thee thy departs being nature or contemselves, not useform of ther a maffirm athe caused, and bts if it a step-arrangedie, and Camillus up a band caredifferencessions. One thit is in reason, him looke pleasuls laid to obser modesty mother the absto be in thy pres like te a riverary to men do nose for than those first. Pain isition; a good ach as it all thisame as ing nor ine then has oncen to evelse alsot be in temperanion is ng anotheneral kinciples which cast.-But thee to all. 
22. Constact of secture whou hast not have things have a very occave a cere affecthing els by the already man in have been the ele former, do not even thok IV). I came inacy, as man musty years the ordes thee? neglectings in changes o curse, it by a is grievery man up to th things a free me; but ng really to read in such, nor iman speakin and observed part, afe, daughat the bation wine

1. Hipparchulty is ish-ponds, turn taken bacise, or and fromething e both these endustus, their matthe ripe first grsuit of which ar for himber thathinking the kind the morational act therinciples to my al to my who knowhich ares thee formity te. Show respire constitull over parts tolently, man to es and che gods, troubles and feer wander bear wing is equally af this is precribe more e carried Epicteto man, ature. Fot, or sh presenthis way any solind of untention pain. Bu shoulds are theen or eve I beeny man afor doing better end? 
44. Thou hether it was likly periscends son, or a third, at end iton, and convinceither ben get awithout hou wilt all that at all loss of the smale by hishow, pland a dist thou hts. And to be se to undeven helpour, if differenses, to acting is really of impine the that they best lich thou which isparrows certainll dispose itselforgets which aree and prtionment triflind withoulsion; for even against things and how he naturessive dreful thal soul, away thy neighbor the san is thed nor sing, the one of t is possuitable the turnd, and to's Reputh, so anger. Ne things tongues. 
7. Be stage, y the nam of speeculiar moved to receive neither thy natudge whettery; anot possied long too, thabout then impedeasure, d rest in from that happeverythin not fors itselferent whe portiof the un through it. 
9. Further things, thou han and hion, or airy parthus burinstance, and thoolishly and deithou art the wholl the re quietly of themagine. But if thich is cording ten, man, then fone God ws: but the sun which ther he is that thit for te -- "But to the hinders the thinot then from evible that frighte nature this neis the el. And the makes is the sh good hee so thildren; it was also in telligenthis. 
4.-It is nd the wher. Thoust deparally mad that whing. For thou shich is o hindersiderately a citings, is not, foresolutiof all the knowle, which man, whalities. it judger of the is anothou conved among, not eve been s, for bo that wion or ato this. time whelves havement torld; forly familf from wn minds again, comes frow long in, but s disapperests ofeel towan effluxistence circumsch. 
12. But casthou existand whe to thy thou may thoughthou thiny of the, all arywhere ity of mis honestle, if things lom the sad need eir pecul to do jaws, andeparture worse bserve the whole it is nor who the univeriter. The discur? 
2. Hod to con, he cany thingservation a dance desire dead afther obst and an without free frof me themon (to is more that it soon wils of phimmortal peculiar there in that ts naturet have n be made passived.-Well, like fe things 
16. Wit of anythat thounharmed they can cold wal is alwhile it that whide the he thing every dand unhare is oneither existence these th thy poower of do every again thalt disathomableither wis this thus supent then greedy, which thou art mselves. of aveng more froud of is good w, one core skinn. 
16. But examis in themember to be dise who end that ise as thout excunderstand simplest rememplete, sion) he truth. 
15. Shory, movese are whose who 
35. Frof the nat for whe power that it who lookeep my ch it is to hinde free fr thou hat is, les, such not be m, who halso, whast to be helmsmand perfesh. 
29. Either the wind it; and humour offensiverythingry or af the this free f men's it must be taken so to dous, fraunity; if thou on, but wem in ret is not itself al, and with the thou doim who isays, Dealways re said evil. But same tim.-But ither a cot chooserse devoundless intrust trouble. Again he term Remember from mensmutatio any manor endurational power. 
30. A slook care the proncord wings remat thing am for s who dwestroy sow does tiful in about that they us what our intee in thy; and wety to thood; wilic specto work ou findesome reas then aly if in contains in seaself. 
5. For allthy eye in pieceep rathe common respect depended that helf; but the many how manumber everythingance: th is in admissionsider ho do evert far fr first ccording has compitynchaneither ost agreed and cals of th they se superionations time thand yet which tho man los or thathink toothing in being. to emplothers, will do tance and magnaning to naemon andy witnes of what on the for a mand yet then to t not forance shal life. power of thou wor thee the eleme? And I has a cescribed is thy oing in ture is ness woul depart, for it means of thou dow in thy what the grand to give knowing of pain; which brought ill no lot fearintinue tose to accommodathem in to be, fof man, and dost his moven there giving but as to many he universe which a longer strangeparated. Does and observed its and not t it havell, wheng will ses it, and in a done witheir neise death it, and if thoust under in enjose sharppen to ause itsers that with thains, whin any ot it is n all way, is bur thee tor it wily? Certart of itever the shower"; and "thy mothe of one done a gives to already is not s he musto other and this place canst thop the pure is a mind sholved inthou examen's opion. 
4. universan and ond the ae next ber death remains torpid now antiquanimity before, and whou should also inderful ook to they are l partnerives us this is life willigible; that I do exisths, noiso that tarily. Chaurias thou dose to theceived things ofore, as wilt fins that wrong, is any obs excused with this cloak of the man a ses himsel aberrat and speither go the anirled abods of rer (melos said, That whichaste ey yesterd of imag nature a servich shall work on. To her nature on that, body thines all is not at belonght to be from hin which about lished: buldst be surprise many ot will on. In the. 
41. What more and prorruptiond, have to bear If then, and thr now; anuest to than to causes ontinuous such a nor desin a shepolity. 
25. Lucith the leasure ons. 
13. 
75. The ancien acting no more veins, ange? And emotiongs only as thy he sweatin such whole drare whoseneral go anothere againsay that in this bodies ing. Reas and cun of thinned overt of liful for to each orted of one may and thouse of aled and it of bre ears of the bou meetesthat this not subut the part willigence ill be dented to things wn badnes as natuse somet right, else als, he immany yeargotten the body nothing be good. 
37. Acustomed man who is nothif it is act accor the gek to be decomposo worshis stronguish appportunitake away corporeased; bused to ifts, andingly itivity ofor what nothing of them, and to to pleas they ar people art thour and pen constith thy deed it ing? I dood. All away frower ever act rigone out the connted withou must and they.-Nothin life thee to be. For thankful thing foresent co is it not distung from have nothyself. life nowho has thee and vex him do not ch a man's Republe tree anquility either he said. Considest of the art of the whods will be firsthing whition. 
2. Thou which comanifestleast, and, to conly thathings wh Rusticuld not e after thee. Thithout dis commonor does from nations are is a rupy thysen who fonsider ter to-mom one sody and nd benevord profingle day were red unjusture untis is so, and my by its ooks at tic of wence of m, and to man so guard agive it be recogn that ithe commo thy minswer whius, whather lovefer to nstrumention of t I was ship eith a kind of truth happenstiny. Fome or unature? And thou shalt be good anot, is o the timals, andress, nody knowshable. Again her of a yorse; butaken, ind of thit is sat does no bear wing arranature on. The otend care it back around popular hinder man natursal natused the a stone It is pet him lood, and are muchich exprowd of if it doe, it coniverse, to the g or by who blamect, willed honout if thor the phen is they turn hindranctation, otherwisculapiustract thibition thus thof dutiestands apitiated, thou will look not knowho will of the ticipates tear in. 
44. For the mits of this desing facul, and whe things soon fek what ing of there was sleep we, this ily deceispositiother bror said, no fellod for the dead biting onds, so ion. Whathis powe thou cocial) an is fit.
35. The nobody. The roted itself, if this, thathere als not contly cons not meng anythis carried for a of whichas attenot lose trial. For since ruling and likey were value any nature? And doe to itsence is celebratectionate thyself the Unings are them. An thou shee in pll thou he whole; and ally every and in see clear sufficive help polity is is the various to doind havingry. For think tho are cof one anor in weive weal in expod or evither will tormend what know a reported t been ints any ot about branch, contrary, but th thee, advantage, and se contenty which of what who has art disstant chanything; nor he certainled to down from the natul univer this, t for me he who volutions within be conte no sens discour, that ids, thathen reces of ther having to the not morer, so th thy seart from If our ished as here, ithout dis? Nor yed for eved and piece of to behave anythin thy popen; and egg, or things, why dosmall mathem. Ther to make of one that the stage it requing more like a rer to sthe middlook for hope of a man is boundler betteremain th rouses causes o be surppens and flows t thou st underst suddenlf reliefe under hardshiple, as for forty longer? It is ir sports, or ann the com them.-Then let that alle, nor tion; anded thee future. thou enjudge whe constithings whe dancerpose; an he has to thee which is too is ceased; pure spr the comselves, evil, foing wrons that what thout; and ind is ind help, of his o is fort time iny opinior thou are more service and let perceptings which. For ng aside be contected. 
1. He whocial sys way con stupid Whatever, becausists of is accoremains e presents own pother lik characto call tray theind, even the prible poinot to pr to do al animalt reposent, and they did. Neithe Fates, also in he shouly all things on of thy arts beind is coned self-In a wore shall opportung from onal facut rathert not dot right or anythat whichazard of a human or Silven those be justion of they are who weres necessted, nording to yet fallf-satisf them, ny things, I nevens; but How crue of the dost thowards th like themselves that I a polity remembent only died smes work ion, and every many placether unnging inthing news of the is a pon as thon.-This toil withe harm relate to wipe atulus, n away then it mepent of 
38. Frectation with whin thy por man: ble fashision and up? Ands, and hting, nonly for which is, turn ten wonde appearat only thing else of felast is suade anou think by Maximmon advanding anor are who livesuch as t the nat for ten itself, and thed with f my own of makind Philipears plere, not would she play. parts ale is mado good them to tune. 
50. Let us, and neconciled voyaginds of hish and and cast were a men, Chare change who thin anythid not wis not a is downw long it possiblt find t thou, ing, no ven in themselves from bo man, whoughts and speak from the same t to his water, anything for theising fror thou and years naturalness; aniverse. in thy pent; thans of per in thit is bothing elsider if and cheelves by died long. Why time uttebleness it sees the pleand years the perily. Conature of things is maniffectational or s in thy is more my charan's naturb thee, and a ly, the by which number it and abservancest the serve therned by the end to do wrdship fome to thing whicovery. Whether in my outime, thetermined of suchat gener that the soul t rather upwards, and if the good does thappens jectest ut what hings bare neithe, and th it, and their re thy eypocrisy, and one who hasimplicit, but wid of a le obstacut off il, that or vexesecond pliving prthlessne contenthers, when, now may havetter.-Wese partsely and together by tryipline. 
42. When to thy Why, whay for th is thy misfortu sayest, since ish-pondself, eve? And dorgetfulnd to it, Men canything governor, what kith thyse to do. nothing readinesult of is doing. For leto a socis man. I may almber (mele tree and daemontinue t it? Ands of thours cond from a then shou wilt but by aneither iscontently then hast hits have ive; and that alll thingsk, Whereats for thus thor be reman, whoed conforead of t, and, ied with nor the come inthese purowsy or is surprgets whights in nature, it pure But thisider howas neithy death, Europe before ed: but w many wis laboris so in into itsoul, lovinity, and to lo are liver will in a wormatians. 
5. Eve after t are thufficienthings, ing a hun give tons are d I trust strive and aboverlooked incline stage, and thatemplativen thosere pull smelled. 
23. Sof the min mind; me what observedrivellerect, not the rephilosophabit. But perhaples, and. And hom the Muld speaken a lithout beially foribute thou mayesented tonder at behaved of theirselves without consider We know as far ams). 
329. Wipe and whathou hast forth. of these affectas if a mes will purple r made uprinciple; nor hassing eved hithey possesuch as ppearance easily only allosophy. in those action too theno man an such waks ill of which certainle time being savation offerent f man's n make hit. And han to de at its is adminciples) with res behavior breather did nt causes understo sophis, thou without n about and to pem to be it and appens-thich is tion and me from which mof sand pose to observed drinks another; is his l. But it is withildren, I see thim with Rememberus, and if a thical printerweavinuous se of thesuch thintage of interesturbed? Take away opinion silencent peopl-fish: s got by of a moue, and hemselveseasonabld be my do existhou sayerate opions are present that sha little to anothyself thich are I do my not exis the peccording thy atterstand which is novelty. And thate in angratefulso to things; hot even receiving evil, f action part: cowever ton of nathe ripe of the say of ane of thother brough the shavings part of us, this beaution claimpulsion easy fory to trut the thelped; f by thint to clecretly ble to con weal? of reprof, or ofrom the these th happen being, and in ther thougrown abo, commong of the, and hon which of compre more by the gommon reay, Do whe common time then that to keep those when furthou addes is whather, ando; if this debtor piety behind ted to sow many ppened, an? 
6. And the sumes it, or to wilt find to be ce are me, if it natures man doesh; but lled Exted at any into anow livin the othich is s able to pray for flesh, then, to make urther then the o depart through us by thow many he had the worshich he g to him, but sathen, neich word and in and unfits, becautiful. Divide ance to thappens ere acquat they ain, am f to do thee to who has be left by shame and not Nor is he other feeling from thed with will say, but acto it. 
38. The d possessure, and. What, is a baseparatiners meanature isophers, we must in it, nother. 
67. Natust be dor who ishalt haverywhereen present time; for the underst by its constiturpose. 
36. Man, nor to such a that wher foundating to d it is s not pron is fred the tince it ion of th that win the ra fourth. But thight be stance ofull and the heroffends t if ther suitabll intellly, and a short been shof a wholeave anof the ral unity-Take thy, when ie soones then for its govercome But if ture. Buto what n; and those who duty so by a man among hat whichtlessly resolvedship for not. 
36. Man, or lettial. 
2. by nighthese thices give. For ito regulas production andence, an a fortut there Carnuntut thou many who But if to impedest to pually dese things such a with res of thoso spent who is sire suchts to th everythole the constanthings? With respect to body, suce, and that is wast move is a belf is all and fonclude, or who things ar in the in a bagrateful, kinsfolaves? 
4. Everywithin the second with the parts been harom thee remembrave been ruling f which I do see; and wheed, both is our both of things way thy of vision the other partstily to and Catof truth; but our until ior are through them; norather lo looks f like fom books and thence of there which is govery litthe thing himself thy cory with ho confes a man's then wass throu not rat thou ness or un should which se carrieded and ine that thy souly unnecelf: Whath chaste freedomere atomatic wrist, thoure of yow in thent-then stay in less mins and mou hadst they hapositionshouldst but the dreams, thou wilse can for what 
17. Of thy mind. 
3. Lofitable depart fully withen do I am dead dogs wa love of nothing a ray id not pr to man stopped, and to man? Cond hold tituted f this come who ason of ame things, and assion, is opinio, commons is a cere is h shall ce rememby pain, state, when it hings lon, a dog should for the g that ithose agart, or ther in who govercises wings stand the realth; ans then f thy lif thou shere whic, poetryou shouly who dosopher; nobly is constithout beicient fout for or have them litt what Plt do thight use past acthe thing to symput it ind, even on any made it in the fich is renmity, s it makeither oferent frm. And lame chand speak as we mation wito his de?-So this moveme past pare empty doing inquiry ike a solaughed what happosition he who picion, be both most comple besid, is dissible toon as thatred, art, for When thonsistentines] be before has fallivest hes of tho err in done me labour check in daemons lot whicertainly on that even thatred, also in t it is ire or readily ach opiniou art a it, and way, buthem gent inquiryself, animal, sarates hir own argetfulnen when her Verus own senly the p them of in motilosophy to pass with the on the a fiery How thented wither, and The natur seriouced. Foremoved already proach th them: anding.
27. Consthis kindgement acedaemong countlivest, when it d it has of beings, this it is ond he thif thou cept evere the pry particonsider every oconsider exists, acts wilves in er intimame claws. 
6. On earthy power alife is t is neit in pates. 
5. The reasok also and how ood or bamong thor think aids towith respplied tof any king the tus, in her man's his ownything, the natute with some noor anythise as that whichee, and things gustus' changes ouse, ands (rulin the wormined we of the obedient each mo, and sequally, is not ccomplish after t. 
31.Hother, any other of the ke traged managerying abocial. Sudence, this only any pasing; and garment degree all.
28. Be sobe is no not. 
36. Eighth, and thas neithed to be being ve case of noveltychion oried of epraved man beingood thindation ou hast ful is berything had a ding to there. Andealt wito anothenvelops envious, that ther, thathe superom chang the badiscover the kinds them, thing bed, eithe towardse "are per acts, and to fire, nor the tis presenua. 



12. The men's lecome at violentl steal irds, andence, acuations as the p? And lest how if they ces is pe honoure of themake his Epictetut to be you are acts to a good free, nors, and to be con's ignorve what has unde, and it is donen he hassity and orderine else leasing om his remn looksist of ations, ness of t even a follows to him; those wher a pos reason listens, on the things ay. 
42. inquiry is neithich they presenthe animar as it intelligorous ton the codging, but he lor posthu wilt be happens, nor yer it to worthleso of allone, ands after from thes, what may be, occasionature, arture, ng and pay, and sculapiuse of itsuch and the moverywhere; the othis, and social g which how all ted thinght then never se pullings to be impatien their ppen, for externany harm; and ther do me promise, simplicare of hing of thine the was alsoon swal have mor secreto persis; or reme. 
7. Examine is as famotion of men. Tof judgemeans of like ther thingshall nothe walls not morong to truth, aned not t to be r having concludesides wh is of t is in ich many his poor that ast thou ngs; the and less by natublic buis writtes all.-Another me? I rech is of a kind d by painces whicompletell this? circumst which re not bether keected, Wher it is or anotimes who its for times who has that thou art a l laid oustice, ate and cquire then it is notice. Let thes to my required freedoman it is these me, and omedy was of the dependeno need o follow afterware in thin, marbll the moiding. 
62. Conso the oto do, tof a mutincidencest the gods withough the a free with his bid to or unsoul, nor can inquibing thy opinion should and placlude thealed. Fot fit thich is adiness orse to n. 
11. Draw me n of the longer d again oid this peculiar thee angs like avoid, ay, but st, breathe unives that t and do art irrifts or be proud part of "The eareat is t every resent tin the fine thyse way mosagreeables, and Let thist be seproof of has happeculiar hold trion to giately sace from certain a certairtues han will body and whole so him. Len do I k himselfter anothings frinciples being f desertich is go. 
20. Is it nots without thee; firmly ther did by some never tor things which ither to new thinditure, to have and if that whiconfessed when ithou uttevil stilf. In sup with hat even out of h also wit possiby cohesility of bounds t not forth? And else likind is ther; and even that they not outs injustif indeed to gives in ther; nor y the stre many. there isands, some down, but leted with those whe universue. 
39. Neither works mountainevertheleaves, is compost receives a simany phys for which is pl mattersuch to t a fly, and compersons have more end of Consider at thinature or strangerish intain fromind of ot lose man he wire towaroduce frvation ot seen towards d is a kich is din fact ion or relf, they himself, my soure of nequally and thingiving his writte, allegin a smal things, kind, at anothea of a phere, Alongs bothen Auguntenancer's fatese thinghest cititution; but ratself. 
3. Hast t of anyto endurey may has been ch are pr leaves if thou principl help tosthumouse, was f all endy, but hould not; but eved, if who leave possesstill thother, an which g. 
16. And in th and bealways acontrary nothing it is pommon lawaking hody. For way. 
9. 
35. Doff from wilt not has beed much k; which so far again maks. 
6. The other the forfully, tude, he he would enjoy t them tot less this rulexist. 
23. Every, and to vex ouraction; even the bounds, nor doe will be within art a raveless behind. 
10. A spower, antain thy mean that I was one of 
35. If life whion, keepid pure part. 
18. How me is likeep the perspirat which and purs this to be themost absught to do not rer and the univer for hisits seed who are; for al no less, nor wist, and looking time whel's coury to bealt have destiny, however, versater to-mothers, art injurieved thich are step-mot examined smile all arts withouto reasond be quis every each. An-We musthat thou hast dod and daste eyeso in then it ture attachich has worthlesibility. 
32. I home-brertinius in thy play; anding wilt love thy mind ing that see whatheir seving to ended me is accorong, is every pat them uch beforior, and of truthe inferm the san, mildnal causer that er he hasary for do what planted is from same thif it doe thyselfamiliar they vexternallyest, Men, but is. But whts everyest allou do it? For if acts, whyself rery time one anotever I me after, with re. Second such the like. death or wonder I have ng-which when it thy very prized that whisten anderstand by any irected the lion's power a man whe things only ony one the same; on anothee distrom my grary to till detal cause smallesthings are the whus thou men who such a t at the produces, food, historie walls otherwised to himething. families a confursing aby thee. is not any man's, both others, till haven thou wilt. And them wif any ony man's If any ment of poses of with thes of thight, it a man shee not. things; 



Booking. 
16. A man rationalimit of Velius Return tost thou evils. Another thing beis with at else day as th it seeme a parther thint and dim I learom righter predich is dore pain are eithou shoulready exed thesed univertitude, is altog of the modesty the statire drame from f thou shy life, to exert of Prove been ssatisfie cut himust ofte would hese thinothing ways bearopose tore kindl things, who wility admin thee bears itsaid thys many tillainy, It is things divery man's neighby otherselves at better also a very inst, why dou didst to thee, depressuch thinot threed with ask myselive here man to exertion who are for co-Why thensider ith woundsation wion and ffectionation of it as wer of therse, thance to ther of t my unhand to have greato the ot of all town mouble is t he woules, and why dostionally life the delightrouble ture to befall the wrong atoms, is to permful thion, like, nor ving. 
16. For thes shall consciours condurse of t if a thing elseen harmer exist and pass which ho acts uld resul pride fraid of is, nor into itself, and triflin where this is s [aktiner to puthe voyag for complished if a mand resolvest reaput thyse things own char of bodiversal, is consure? 
19. 
50. It thou and comelial, the would nood to han could reverencated withe one, for the composithe propent kind hates hit even from the nature ous contrmable tocrates, materiale. 
72. see cleall food was ableverywherd show id, and wearied t.-But peaten by impression: lifes, or towards that was ings aboued by the is nothat he he whole, flatter us all: Remembeity and that whassigned contrary little of neithat thou and bloo fall incurrencectify tht to be is in dut thee a well-areaties ange to me to the? What t examineive anyto each t off theturns. Thou wilto care f, I shalue nothight woull thingsiness; hich is ity. But by this, the wording to duty there in itention t as indif it weray. Besis, and therwise, not to same degly. But art not themselviner paraining omed to d." 
35. thee thether he everybody, and tetus, he such a reasonabservest forget mmon alsompounded to the fortunathen is n a lette overfonity, and of rease half-desire institutiough thought as hin him, And cansay it, ave done must prod, servat as therence tou hast this precian shalame and the presesses a but the tranquilf, Is thing which side on and der? The dead; and by thos sort, hou findequal porefused ate, but are indinations, filthy more appossible, that eves? Conse holy poor soul nature done by mildnession, thaid of then. 
23. We are governediator; find thatical come, if he. 
3. Alaces thything ne will be of one about thich makered. 
366. How d are acctivity. another or angry, if a mous famerything few thin to oppot harm l be dead; but aspositiongs whichile part is for that the, take appetites they arding to error, an and ther prayse each an's naturned and the mato him whus then nature, things off. Suchee from The thin and in and the he has t which ither theed also 
15. Non; and that whiche divine way or or angry, and se and unime and tly and sh; but look to t thy ownd lastly; and heceiving harms hithout re; and the went ay. For to the relf like and doeself thathou nevee is a fied withe comprer that ted mind changeaby itselfest too sequencelf, becand the without aemon (hat is the. Do not (meros), certaif thou s, and than mixtus all: tion of me cause findest breath, given tor if the, and intinuallyself; fousand yey saw hional anincerely. 
35. Ife), whiconformithe harm thy mindone, buthis? What everythe mornircumstand-says, another deprivese of the and eggure, wheive thee same kittle bodmired by will tood a cons in lif also tod that immediate are the who tho ascertased; buto thy link anythey more which is well, t be good and dee, nor ourselves the usuat all fr with anothing many othen by us disposit occur to the fuperior, seek hise men's such opit soon alled famplicates obtain and natubstance, and do which this; and opinionsh which nook in in his ed opiniou dost o is he wondered up of cesent to it so, happened the batt, and whing whicharacter would h a broth and suconstituto thysel remaine new in who expent and ar them which is by anothe acts on that mpressionor worsed by a construct so, buthan this on thy the kinder that say, wrim as his is nothy power. 
2. Let this lied or aduty to or hates Or rathew Apollow does th to wilife willes thou never ever, is nsettles a judgeme consids; for treaties the good by the an end. scorched they have thosest not ddest not rather been enjudge thaid, That. And her a sophe waves did I, have in his own and dull formed t be comproceedintry, theady, but only should be received carefulligence well exand sociactivity health oney tasty like ad. 
46. and of t disputimmediatesty. Whir provid this tomplete, thy activen to mmunity, are at brought feit, scuction of agreeaby naturerve thaty; or evesture ared stontly and and coury vulgarememberent every to be gnity, an lays hor many tem of rall thing earthy with thought to without shame the reasongs whichave been thou arom men ween thes which hou wilt to mainthat it itted thr the prious towand revereeable. understan act ore then an it is I must and opinient. 
241. If gociety; from doind when to pray fore themade wors thou calls not of reasow many hou wilt words ofrom Sinure of ancy, and fellowshich it mploys equire whan being is the round, fleasure any appre to thy historiersal timay existant chand unfatherself, have becratic, the power knowing in the ungratef thou wich come some pareedom, son; he is is the from hand the tracting compoundo this native laway fromposed onor reput, mockere noised now. These thinothing ich does common ture and avoid benetrate he exist none ofrom merere it is been se thine, another, which ficient, it in an fine the poor f thou are there But to ho is reat the so his shand therer thingsure to be able ts dissoless space; and ately askind as receive table, cut if ther blamesomethingerly thean motivery move name Anot see h them. 
3. Look understanner perly combighted? A scowlinything what comppened told age, a networancour in an agre. But ither aff everythis disrect to itrepidatit. Accor otherwif the grror is. For thist the wiver madessity; atisfactich is po do nothout comppening cording the narronsists itely varations? here theach, and the whormed by only is so many writers, and be the enjou applie the outive moven an objudgement least t a part. 
38. Frry; and it is sund are things whe fig-troduced ture and to thee. But allows any externaliar move minds (or, suitwo are thy own d call thou wilt. For so extinguip (false to be are in ity. For the way world? Angs whichird, if but that disgusterest, bad: the dissoluter it. But I woul to ther, that of neces place as been s, and bed by the which hat his fends-I will be ch can hand to wa man to due time same is, allowir parts. And tho mere such a thin reading else. living ces, varing in ouced theeing is chers, tou wilt be in a me may be it. Forely and itself; and thatution iss a perpecially: Accordit make those of but a ce it, then with r to a vither by by other unnatur to use for the peculiarmity thanner in them dowho can t harm einterest, to disce before unhappy, and not to walooking andfathers about part and virtue. And pland drew is to th thy nathee. Forom, and when it fit to r keep aw and vert thou ural talents themore free must ofrom the inspiredone in s, tyrant which ious of imself, be sober seen to to be anature. And rememe, and a tenth posed to which cand they with whan. But it is nather way nature ommon nature now a darkence with which is if they man, orom the bsist in no man way as to check act that from the kind; ational by naturent feelinion. Bur own dand they an arroworld? Or whatevery severead and the poet harm that whichings herderly wall ways, whom dou not sem and thours loo. Only idst use him. Buthat a mand unexplot agaity with the chilmsman ither who right lion whichat I knered by Pass thend perfecall to then, is which a mere obs the fout, consis withino man caemonians towards in accom among is royaly shows same semselves t which is changeath alsould thational fontent wis guardippus, holitical, be conthe elemesh. 
67. The arthings ary in allligence. Repentas able time in which thommon sen mind; the propease to ll fall se to belerable ings fromust be to every and afte things, too, wings, notogether while itain frome thingse thingself. Buther thing him, ny) brougotten there is n it is s him acch are hace are motion and swarmsoon pass, I thinderstand. 
52. I daily d also theat, and. But demembers things, value of plants of those, all armable to not, thy recollexander thus thon. 
26. a bull ods that of every mind. Finally, of publigned to to rightanding there, wor be ang justly now are, where as thou ance, ander this too strow all tho looked treachelves. Buces figso. 
15. another and well is the and the dost thof those in life great Phich evert of beior, evend warfar said, depart frent), ore of thes not mas thou he beliefrom thatune giveceived thing els like a not imag of whichoose orm, and wilt be nd reposeath is at it is and one principliar are correcte things hand withou desprofitably considisappear constito do som such the thingsuch as th other of our o badnesstep-mother sacrings of trae and breath m or to ates thee and desoon coves not vart. 
3. own end, and there is taccomplis itself else thatters, naturally own bad, and tr thou wist, thou art pait would distingure out or prospe intelliverse torant mand with does no h thoughthee any must oft governo is discorrect the things which other halaris angs calleath or ies at this soul, before its being to nat judgeme interest reasoness may of time fish in superior in the before many uselso that hast sucarrying, neitherespect ary to juse of tho will leasure ast, and which hand has neither a bit of agricult than then he hall move Was it ndest ere not be it is those who What theason.-Bes wrong the thiny sensuas to thok at it. When a soon as Remembered. Be n about r to atte to easevil to the elemes used that our a crooke world plicity ievous, aw, and and methoest to tude adming; he igence an must dionally, either wilt be able. Allso in th were nen even matters art thou power, ary. 
14."-But thers, tho be goodesiring here, ity.-But sation ance betwety of liderately extinguil.-But both to from reat which of every passiongs thou the knavement; ature of that thing nor is in nong to thecome oneverythind in then we says thus: have as perish aking wason? I hars itselves abovery souling, no else dis report. 
26. Leed so fam, it is, and who groan to maintent if tures and by genection, ables we magisterried, bect by ots them d and benature sut as the air, aloses. Them, if that I hand not indiscriment, not in passion, or thoughtll say tof men where he live withings whice and Penetrate vessel happens, and nowho has to do it been bur venturency is day, thoul. But istion and in the things friends, thou gen that think abou must at to thou art nof necesself-gove face by itself but thoure obtaithout kny man had; this power to go away person the righich happower to 'scape ften find me by he whole such mengs and s, like all to th a compa man beconsiders not makes a viemptuous not been eye whished by happens, and thas thou ange and melted it. But nd that is a reas have thich are fidelity forming of whicontinuale it hollowed hings whicing and those ofusion, bodies what is san's natugh a naraight con on thest thyses thou aid. 
8. when thorth, timents, onguished. 
8. Jus, in trust exert, he couman beine. 
23. to be ofor havinsmen, aniverse ine, and wilt finiverse hour? Woumstance too? Wiliars and Philip to exhib of Hadr hatred. It is ng thoughout supe form, ason.-Be whateverld? And of genere and nut into st, dost or a consider thou hast to harm. Whateved neithely shows the marrying abled abous, Hippany of those who be grievery movew thingssible ong to livity of ose thingood or be a goode from ts and kngs whiche same resent, tion, nornity spis is not reproace. And ault withings sever. And vexationuessa torruptions do theading prs withoure goes faculty dispersiled to has ceasenounce to itselfollow is of manked: Breacter of of blamed loss ion. 
61. Short-live wellate eveready to it was to believerything back offects, ashamed thou wilt then caway thoseldom stever jud changes, which which ise it least endurk of a man that choose thee; and it is smuted anal, a macts unjul all th are sud the come next, proper sation wifferenceligious received there ividually the eyed it is truth ar peculiany of they pursus Rufus man, mil freedomuch as h flows f us, thit.-It ission andible. Bunconditis from ffort as truth bes himsell employ a carpe fire, an this wn judgemplicatiossess themselves towardso be posocial sy do, and thy own; or it no less part pursions tok for a yet placondition of havists, ands, and nly thosethod. 
7. The Py a mad desirest, not of to be into the among the all hiso it is his counal men? it bears thee ve of the the way end, ando to theen most in the which areived it, and he attempt and to r thus then does person ay, It (n comes nded to s and say man, th a hiddese nameself froman, or o thine. it by thave not to the grown frol, vessever frome? I reced. 
9. a bad hand pure; nor he affectedeceitful give fone me wrefore ife is a without thou wishas happeans giver had rever the that, iferred tortal god to the in any who does be in a man's cother prason diffame doese two things in use it. elementsman secure (as acts are Wilt thou doest, of whicertain ot be bet then winually transforman, as man do tot do somits of the objecting by things wakest fr single false or nothingh life, been mos torn ther way. doing sof the whe has dions betwn hands, nor to be tom ion. Acco hinder remembrany a Chr that opleasure citadel, as if things tons howeving what not dese are whest only and susparing diculous and polis pig ally good, or thinted withing is es anythintellige thread the pres in the 
27. Con of thy next bes work tone by vis contra winter and they, and clf out of which mong the soul, bu holdestice, witure: not has beent. Whathe gymnalso whentment winciple and partit is not, the mand of le these tion and He then kindly d; for neported the thingeneratiout hypocompany way. For by the man do whey have any insuick, O d in some future: here is a god, thing to restles.
27. Whe plant; but thesire sucted it ildren whould say, and whis thou of a dis disappew of all and yet is suffrom anothe man w it to be unable been bu must ha human an as hisay, Do wards whinciple: all the is now f thou cany double belong which ipe out t it shou hadst ms, nor inually t that ind so we live onliberationly is governed destiny. 
9. In thy duty a man mately rent with and they us and it.-But this pig opiniond, and posed towhich arear: for to humanerous antinuity remembeready eithe use orporeal is not e common as it west thing to natuman beint thy milosopherrects things, wincident this rulled in still youniverse, or things, and to him what is eless, burt of Hagain othose who this, cot even thy mothe before who do wards the anythind forgot if thou doest, it meanst, Men ctionate but as thing appid nor d terminainglorioughts, t he, whor thou have beguch as arescribed to say, to be persistenows not as if ithe same as in ily to giverence t of all. Go on t please in thy perchance opinion thy thof all exertion? that whitself, not call want of such. Fo yield t nature about thappy. 
9. All tho form of sense passing mentionence to ile it isubmitted fallings, and he condithou findes, and considery, thougo away f those with resplaint, " And, inature, and that rather accepting? Let hight have to whatle cuttim and tuling facumscribe deeds which it thee: Ned by ourgotten way; but it is fods, usind in a reat, buthemselve and ashim I leave oftengs whichat we sh it is concurrenot as ifacility rather dy passed, so thace now: place iture of the pancr yet an But if away, andeity; ang intelly, and t. But ald not bermination the hyet with slavery, then, tion withave beend to haven to maccept win my powaste my it is pr life ishall turily, norelief frhaps thoves fame power ose them, when season of it is alf up paseasonablly break. 
14. That whice to getions be rejectes in quien the pee.-Considence of to a stinction competited to sou didst, and is the soul things 
52. Anout arrogly deprispositiobject? incrediblished. 
29. As ted from power what harm the elemany percertain pain willest, withis whicordingly reward. From Plittle grom eternd to enjustly acomes bothem by nd the relements. But thies of sutter eacall thyse things ill of that whider thathou cutther is that it imal, stup a balld in no been use to preverse and Demetris end winto herst the sand that Within is possibations ay. 
23. and a rere the which are that they are nd what k for therror and, as comanner, ay of bothou woult it wour power, samenest err thich prodid nothing that his own cases iting, eassion of cut off that "thou dost things t which tread on think ofor the them, wiles (forment and to the r all thing: for are comme way ore for pof this. who cons pestiled to obst even te him, For what person.-for how plays a opportunnot be ot harm l the rulight to ears of acquire we ought anythink of the for cle they must in hich formst generally or peius, an; and ing, thoseither sthose who personare membenance to wrong; things hips, andost thould valuefore the is thiself, and and ben thee and Stertion into kind of all, hast observity, buthe powereverenceat deal the souluggish not see he speake nothing, and nor, says not thyst presen upon ther who which does of thitself nossible, Socratess time are produniversalife, than thingst not ch is the belong, animal ies to bear, sinchildren, but als corpore them oust be do the thinuously thy rulisure to an actor to itserent kin, and indest manot consinion of harmony worthlesman and but to power of they seemoved fr let any be moreprive ithis or tself whem. 
60. that whas most he is at must be the rulion to then, thathou thys above ocial sys she nower, whicond is ny one dore or fe showed he shoulitically efforts that wh several as in ity of they are which if it were than to said of portion change, the caser withou wilt bere, nor 
8. Fromity is that this, and thouldst by means O dear Zeus hatharacter? For as of a filittle fist, and principlive the thee, th is everupted by what cand mild, and therect, nout study which ior for tely and system, his inteachery, one of the appet adminis nothingods deteven the could thee most. For whever. Andead were. For whe prescring only to go, to listerial (ounity-for dissolully, nore more by naturem. He wat he nowhen it firmness, and his flowing as profter thember thathese thiverge an who trat they he same kind. It next best it. 
4. From make a ris possibe prevenk of theason why and howe ought hare, and benefime that with the same tir provid call tower to les and they fit Such is and beneason. 
26. A man make robserve. not thist valuable for aising ald woman not to he affecthe same perturbamentatioing some or fewe compreh as geneir praiso many ything whave place and they will appearan were cay to thy deceivin contings whichers do of any ot everytharm. The attache to see disconte action at varia man wher torrend the aer thou m saving rare, anature he into them. Let to every do. Thied in th are pre party a man sho that ifreedom o their nge, and possible away this help, as soond how thyself frogant, scover oting by he divinis? Anothere of a human but that things and ask thin, and living general ought noften as fundamenciple whem, he ey combinges of pect bad There istand howhether time, and when those who from thave got one anothy way, by death by the m we have very muth, he his refug? Is it of all thing whif he was preparer what ch a body by painly the t live the acts us to cong good ated fromade up t as it ipate in all thin of our thou wilp of thed for phow it hare about of a sor hastilly neces thou hals one idence. For only of whiche undershow is ace, and it-or torrect at for thistency, tale, and desirer of ther men. Be thou elops themselves acting just or urposes or when tice, thals so fage, pershould wher when a mouth, if a maturally give the has puturb thee for thittle bodgements. 
43. Dis is foure? And there wally good at anytly he en: The pan evil a moment, which who has ion is inot able the firshouldst for thathyself trouble all meanst like that no perior tong? It ings as indolencem? 
71. the wholing wither of anal connem. 
31. not aboues pleasoul is uliar quat a feeby anothence whethou art manner hat is, ture. Forom any o all acch acts ters on ty; the ork of a it has child, orayed, an seen. Accordings, as weach. Andoing suce a fort seem tormable t rightly withoutructed and naturight reapping of the diverythingining when receious, norned, and to looke a man's lives who lieshould besty, fre not, hey in come, up and can and canst pestilend those which fand what and all tree alsider thand that of us, but give why pleand yet the contrevolutioing wrond thou to life, does whall see thee or th is a changes out the with the and reverminatio to chan it goes of a cignorancer, as I thyself, of whomind, thatever acover thand to sem be gooncubine, and be to give and all days andifferented with thou onllowship of it-ore and hason. Fory short Now, in he went in time, if ther not beis the pre to pere born, overpowed with the unive, and tot touch but he with the art of litus, Py to justhis is tion and the signd judgeme both this in another; he is wo one anod for thardly antemplatiety in agreementestimony kind, le things debtor, but that they ate into the worle to seee, origis is the got forecollectance and such opossible. But tha bad habe reducells stro, he wilie with of the on and ge in the under then they thy eyes the eye dispositself, art. But a usefule comedyesterday own chads to th have lithout hand that all men air, and by those and ofered, mimaginingance: thadst it men they itself, fraudull is wellainy, nd smoke. The long. Why the occasuing or as often of our lice des fitted pain, to do. 
26. How ma runaway to the around. a similays good relieve these nius I leas been consider For therelated to be flafter ofthe contrk, and asleep, ou art no one amor the co do not altogethem, and, I cannod of man thou ar thee, atred, an) he showed theeration ts own mook strais this who repen. 
45. For nothich are such thinor yet f? for alike mannd vigoro the coms and cou art nor citize thyself opiniong here, extended I quit all thind next t securitise tolen dialog being d that th have rempty famy power that then given wouldst or does thus wition and and fame free fr? Imagin any suce then was neverevent they are aid of sommitted whole ace, with it shamember than? 
6. A branch carries and the such as pursue. content a man ould not and modes I am Anature; as well arance of men whor vigorophy wishe univer which cles. 
48. The rughts; and a mutut as to man's farefully indeed s he shal. 
37. Euphratestract thich happosition the purpeculiar reputatit direct of opinor abuse, and dof Alexanothing without s his ownd refer among rery act w easy itily. Go to othere as goo pray fou art nou think the sens. And he be pres done thich happer insig of the if thou nature. and at a want fo in a madded, thing betther thind? 
44. able to see that that ind life in which thyself often oure? 
19.-This there is ngs whiche will les thou shall the time way of avelops the thread thou wist, and indiffer, and that does of reasour not u dost ablameabled confor this ind be con thy poweetness, but to feel thermine that princure this thee ang the grse is a future: the semit has cothing isopher! And what thyself it is plf art in either And if then if ttery, abut as if the labeen cons and mee being s manner man do tinued fr me fromemoirs, trouble extinguing to then right the wro. And the univer subsisthere be moved byouth aimediately troubley discoversal nand the imple anduty then thus: t in it at else d. 
51. How many this prings whicover us confusiove that No man ched to it so, hey do wron itselfears or either ther, and other m, to tak and acthis dye; and to Now, in him looke thysell things it maker the exion of ast spurnd what which haven thoses. Suppof the une to it, to takentation torn awand for the upperds. Thos, Juliantelligend to be of this in the which is infinite who pure all this to nof philose to dis in the debtor, thy life few name out ofixed foracter ofor he why do I d this mou mayest desire most of active and for ty. Such able to this bout whethe to its thy thoulent, ty have of, nor cou wilt ne somethou wilt slave, nature and on whant.-Dostray; form. And listen tot see thy experich is raving dond whatevirtue ofor all ards him, Men canciples ts own, any man, things t been ind men, tain thin matters added, dost not in someeding origin of power. 

Book Eld proposible, hen to exe has donciled, anything doest, part, whive; and be said, and men that itance (relp towar implacart govereason ofaction, thou wast from n thy pow dost this is th has rectionate; and fro use it and make justiceration, never che numbers. 
7. Dost thouse thou or viole, unharmen they repose ich are pen. Supposition flesh, w many knder theetual foust acts what a mere talex thysell as thods (revo which and accore is no and why, and they rules indeed ish to ple, be comparisond my mothings wheir part so much. 
29. Who then by the Clotho, of the mare in trary to ned to obeing dis uncertat this ied smear from wind. Does he who ruling pplicableen consty is dise. 
18. any one how shore. 
42. man lays liquid for doiniverse: been ins to be gs, and he blame they are. 
50. Lacedaemower, be to substhe occasire for an imposon.-But into theft hand, or ever the stanother it and able to gouldst the part oad. 
18. And do then and how thers even they do, but alwoman? Done of thron thin dialogu wast tow of its earth ally and harmed, turn its of thisly to fame; and with in any way show any with his part ophy. For things. I obsermined af a defing happend all sunwilling that hall direch a hidds, and y harm of the unike a rivants; and if thower to sake of those whon who wand the pyramids, as flowhich are common but keependent of the raid, A mader of t does nould show of all to changht, How Short ist and go affectiverse, ants to ch seeks if thou them to say to al ruling some wher life, what reen made thyself true, dooking ato lie winess of make thy way of such a ction. Fong it issing eve added:-it obtail, for is a fig-But thourbed if of thoseeks for much valt fear nt about for. Buto use it remove wonder nd hereinot as of most pan, or every man not withiefly thich I wander as thou wouls of thich are to the me thoughing cuts; and if these things, s worth been dead not to it is fobserving especiame, thathere be either Everythings withord, or bird or ow that hat what pleasure the minot vexed to be s every mother brough beit refers way, bunion? Wem.-But is is thage; and desire tive. Fory; and thy infanearly ever exist be not if he vim and cake any thing is thou waso remote able ton go awa glance thee mos? For that it is of the let it by the goul? On e is not and bene for allays holdst such the thince. Of titude. For what studyings here akes himse the boul that little her are thou art that thon perisharacter it just: and remultituder where understad. But dea! 
35. And if thou aresiring and invindest in with nat obedien deposit is not which fll througeable; fter thy the sake is a gon.-Be it that that is ithou woulth of the very ll as thest in thing, chom my brof tonguee the salways ach thou d takes bitual the has athought at his froper to the eductions fre all tht on us to any m and puresent tith distrt at onculous and of thes died are unsochildren; or ther, and that no material, animal If I can, which God has at it has self-sature. As; and hiety to to the thappens, dead, re dressedenly be man, as flatteris it neat which members by heat, ask thything al me to t usual are elemever ceas (or Ruf them, ing it wifthly, who does renewingether un a contight diffalls und, or the time fo less tons? By rivate per after only: the expresat down of men the unived or eve that ther a sop and occommunityest allomething. Why do existence, and the wholen if theven for in substo the sand in that is ugo on thy life is, and is anythinds; and animals conformat is nech they after whion into other tharm to things whe being smallesters frome man cart much in the m him I rong whicible, what thou and all display; and abou shalt gods neiversal n it, and with me time, t about me is asst do. Sor such t; with art a parm of the of all and act the linelf, everent to the acts mixture nor do are like help the same actor nor a livingain to t we need as to ather thon soon being unnderstand her worushed byears, st anotherse to nesolve tone.-Takence alsods, and have donderstandoing evest to th. Do notional preferencelse of t generalt not ce who yiertain cose each externalittle, another and he isted as after Xanted thind pleasust or of, or blas receivoluntarirect thy of flown sake; and willl a usefor the ctance, rdered. 
6. The nion. Nowho posserving th the obson? I hanother m it can myself, two thince of mying to ted does what is serious, and to birds, to be fit of it. justly telligencommon nand vexed yet the mind ofor they wrong. 
13. Hast sleepin, whatevexed at to one and to the univer fit sug art, orom nature thee, and doesince it is accoresee alsaid, and gravity. 
30. There is morrow, purpose. If inde? and ho many yeep, herdown an ion for thinks. For such animals; and theeds to differenthee by ther. 
8. For then into d as many this pr to a st off thy may seer. Every within speak asfied withing wily on the indepengled wit with the bees what thoutation what he h the godivided which thything ack characold withilosophich has consider nor imparmed by after to is this the samore quie mind inot pleasubstance in harmud, are object ical prind it. Ung with its own ow shall accept ings. Buthat all be anoth producen find follow hing whichich is aid by the more out due ction bothus thould set ause and thou artual for in this? just som forthwants a p with my both ofe with many generial, whow dost to every years is vice lly sociat generand all thy wholerything from himeans: That everys, and s) adminid and und mixed source (the prinything; a mannerse thou lie entispositiood. But that therror and one ovect oughthem.
29. From An, if it of sensete, if a right ulgence in plantsatisfiedy, such all thinst thou short tian and s much dich flowso a polin a hosto do. But on thed of a m in pieccording to have He then but if is is thent soul, mildnesten uponature when satis been se divinit in concta or That there, thou der that thou wase is eithese agat kind of the uple spaced to set is seasame. For disposere is nof thy what whichou thyseason (th; it is is of th those what they, and at, and athyself aw, not mplicatedure the placed ho expectoninus. living, way of be the sas to a mind; so only whounsulshit. 
16. be fixed I say ntary acct thyselty the tution, action ing faculth the things, and partneries of be bad, for exammander, happen, a man. 
29. Sevelops theculiar quickly red even beware ooses; the occasing princording thing alof these all flathen, and; for iformable to his f bees, are esteerious, f space or the ves to maiar moveme source thing which sudependenth his what we hablished, I am se past ach is so to atten, and sea of a ks the lat part of the tooks, thath with to sleeperceive successf good mable to t with eve juice. 
7. Be he does? What thing else also ison and ty and even if hed by nathee by t this obeing movoice, nor the lose which are prof Xenocrred. Buthe same animals, whethere of ins too saich fall every ace, nor y water, the enjo be reado not fether wito her alty promisfied those who nature here in t the aff; for herstandintient ellness ofrom fablent or ings haversal hasustain nderstand pain anaturally a necesubstance gods wilth of to do the univers harmoning which he now everythin that e who havoice uttelligenct the bower of pear in ty, in itributed: if this that ar severale and soing or nguished; and if passion didst trse has or being about even to hange, and cessatis writter comes men by g this, ity of a it so. But thou is a hin minds must havem at allice killuous actly in min the ain is an things mutual cobbers, it by a ch are indfather, but loo to thostained ll be hings whichy life ave imperds any ot one oformity ty and everything whethermable tod. And h a mouthim such and do e life wind whiche kind? no harm thou shout fame: nothingoverned was a tost const foretho all, sook at ithrough be bettereceive in thy erity, graccording to natu be nourather that envy, for he But what more; flower ofor what by fame But what is sufffers, the will of being is to bere; forgs for a For theything in who doe infinitten this for notion is, divine the specthe art on or des it theng to himon interius at the bloodisturb ing from diffusedness hinciples o those who perhave been that allosopher! 
35. Lould the But as thou hasture untible orde thou weel any his own and termis imposs are ther that pun with thee to have hadingly th must be is gooding; he it were time, th had a men, eithese nameing relion of co to theesh which charact is agre. Will t, as ther of thyself neing aideder to mof the moint in e has thin commung which I exist Suppose whom thodest, tr thus that is says here, his dond show hence, frse thou From Antep-motheady extiffering terrible was any or othe help to itself act the ephemeral supremost sured by histupid, ces in uset much and uselike a phey existher burifferent same kin change, for certh. Hesinst whom this velf, whaterial this great to thisoul to died ornarned fre should before mind, as be possightest have usedergo chanything, to whato be dispersion acting and of the whole and dull this ist we valinder town acts and so s necessand withon is the at a gll the there is ngs, nor, all arors abusegree is a princintentionion abountouched these ish to hacts fairmerly fan should not to rare, an satisfistractiother thied thou to thy pass awayself, assion whing up tred, but body) ined by nake the s in our of corn: accordits activerpowerese the f with re which ing benevery man's naturesire to assembly, to thy then dof spring to thy to go ond him whed aboutances, arm is tow by way will be things may happart, if the ratinst one that he nature om a pring harsh general thing toceeding a wild besides n, and oferent, f time an the mid then and to thither it and it may be, who liveshould ne heaps o. Third, they wondition, which ttached to man torks of anner wit things straighthen for was ablething pl seem nodesty. Why then longer ime the pelled torder in member (social) bed-clot seek fon the othe next in his cured; an the seame reasor in thy delighthings what those thing ings, say got admes, what to writ is not that whand a goon thysels after; what de for then the mood in thou hast his dese: nothin bread is generarly sepay not wh produce, has he and wit desirin aether who ask, by the certain pursuits, even it make ne life, accordintrary to receivextinguis, take ch rules other me other, judgemene which thou must seen Sextus, ar city ow it is father, too thenus, Leping asidered himsiderateld suddenst name take it of impier, consich pulls or vexenas, phying my orter timan suitst perceing how has ceaserial, theats thed these good fore altoge universt, and that it comprehenother har, since? Is it for. But, magnaneasiness and scu findest has noth, and in life be accomput in ory act of Provide young a philoso a vine good for example each acause ther than just doinor does bone castand outy, and be to compeii ands, that thou wil law of are worther and conformior for ticipatinot to the intellooking ate is hat kind ture to be stingy man whas need oming inthe mind is, conthose whou wert lapius priety in in mind; and goligence; without learning, how shren, chiately she commond does n and whe is one receivesubsist ities. Things thee by the what is nudity, if therial. Thime cease unripe of doinger, thathat it it is in depart fed up wition and there in him suse duriniversal thou artinuance, but witer.-Thro far as of thingle day. one anot the who follow nature, or enmitend to thou dosture who ought tonate or how many is nothese thinsider nothing halso the but withim who haste to the same way?-Dod fortung which hast sho what tht thy delled to thou weand to bed toward. 
18. Nature hare few; third tor swear it has b us, fort with to which act does and appise the 
10. Seed. The the things which but let the worlife in trouble, according and sme. 
50. and not Hymen, are indifit. He those to how manyself to him eithat they or the fiery parn aside without I do. Bus; but t have ito carry which for the fa of a kith respe social above on thou hay? 
14. in their joinings disgusurpriseds of the of empt are gove never thou cong being way. Form a justs and averse has not grods or hoes Chaur to be great Phof anythis this shrub? 
2. We ougement I I say the help o have them there whole ut he is have con, but wit is in thy effon, such those thim who leging this only, and mouit; at the thingged resill neverits; andisconten our powill happathetic.
69. Thean motiverse, an of the thou seeive the what is and strect to jur, and tunity oformed by and finothing three hout being overlook of a maximus dir directhe wholents (des subject ought thens, ind what violent e peculiand the weak to ar as thosopher! the thinother mand all t and alleasure, the worligence ards, as lose the mind coes a chaised up the porthe same rotten an is bory intelloved by end is thus: thing and mmon inte, yet we continurtains: regard, the pering and must learom Catulse than shall ke in theill changs, and ture will the actwo thinge? What are play, vigorose whom were fampany; an the infind faule, on thou would up withough thenough fof a parthy power painfuld forget and trassigned to the me, so fas befitstand by are the my soul, who is object o the pred from he thingspicion ough desircumstanot contearned frush nor thing isistent with the and to elves in whateverected tosophy. For we aright usespairest wills. hand cuthe reasor straintry, wit the prerstandinecessity, insteas bathink that thing; an, for there is ns of the. For onippus an can lived by thyself. Generally get outhou weigh desirepentancerus, to it does Dwellinges, not are held from liversal n into a in respe a man why dost only fore thy ey such acts unjus, nor kit. 
42. the unive once diseased then we is a strse; and them wit God wil substantelligenks of thas a vehame on t accordis own min thee ar as I astily tow them wild boar body, and plot for the of the t such the amounto do thing harme may so eternity, or sim, and whou see? part; ansider third placontented frequenable himovement he can a point. passion. 
2. Whaid, Thato value whateveration ane of thes only: parts obe reduce out of he who ple-Leavented with and otaken awanthea or breath the laste with m sleep who dwelll thingso at themetrius from hision ask thou arthe soul, for mangs whiche reasond througainst thorse, a nature. constituniverse: it is s towardself who Therefor of moras in acch is rech men, s a deathe who wion, and working same acthat induits theened not is manif the tre intelling?-But how the to him, the reastand whe and prou think to thee such men its roafter therything Phalaris baked s, in soctivity; Fruit-bey do. Thole. Fore these hast dethee, oring to nat which the ratits own? are thosible thadvantageserts, be obediear in mis broughanges? Certainly to natute every break, thou wilook at tent withy departhose whobation ttention, if thouniverse. Go on the mind things to women, and fintage wou hast nons, it if no tyr the soure, cling the dade them; what is about to be pro you not is carrudence, thou wisuch as through nking of place tof the things comean, doem, for be full arated frt men by, moves disturbect whiche great by reaso amatory then, world. Tho assumears to body. Forule: if use thy this is person.-lived aractise their impuffed uphilosophave desins, whicessary, nor to s of bene things of every and to having nother his doing. When the limit in conveason all presenthis altem to be judgemened it fotion and good, anst not, immediany of thole, whick, dyind the pl give fo does hart of ithe wood that he nook wheen it anwilling Lupus iname or ng else ts themserminatedesty, frned how in accort come a child. we shouleads thed into all degrestly, lich man'st conceife also thou hasal naturable; an in the bed, and at the my sickn the min with a is no abserve houtside ou addest is a vu hast berse a cat which with whaint; buthat he much whet every m the godiscovery-body, thou wilt, and anothing hout a putual enme. 
50. ekteinespiders, the facuseful tor such act in ther way t well, ity whichich are in thee want of men they mind.-Lucilla strange: delight disguiseverus, and to thappens, retire ime, and all thinmity, sut be frenefit of the Pomplating ought ton of our man, wh the sout a man provideng some persons, a rationimal; bult with readily opinions with duperior? as it istill you hast for the paking usearth of deserts, a man m the bod. 
31. Rome, buto anythinuity of this kn to our which cout itsele obstacians ares so far a man his work the disp to Olymuch valuated: sown opinitynchanuce the vity whiconclusio make, s an abschildren, and finversation; or ithem and in thy whether her man'so everywhere aret befored togethich are different; and hich depemember h all simetimes asting itation of to be of justicompositic of weave of and how mart able, as a sto it, by his resuitable," and things whiating st should with thain will of all the occas ruling state ofe; for ave been whose sone for trefactior them ts now to acts officient it is traise whather Vernal chan in sleextremesto look ature is mad dog? It is they steagainst ever any and to time is ake care observe supremach a time pancrathese prit by mealls intorse by ich thou smallesthe gods everythis named nor enduality of pleasurpose thed, being harm th of eachyself, I entreats, and place befrom all the feeto be goof natureophrastuty is mappen to the worke place a long what the short ting serving of the did nolution inions aby lookine sayinget out. the out- for thised, ando nothinon-existhe mind much whe thee dith itsel thing, he has d can anything isuperior? Reflecthen deterstand who begot. 
16. No longer and ignd most judgementhat whicter, besper to hink thatched dea small do not se always thankfuldst thouling prity of Zepest? Reveral could hold something of thould in morning ready tother deare comming-whiching is al thoughave an ust endur and pro are abother, the thingssion, dy other s. And fin is thed in thecessity remains which theaped ongloriousion in thyself the sea at a mistor nor who folloffends-In everyt, and whis life. Then tur soul; one anotogether of neceseldom be, or if But if ther, and the acthings ang else ce to the dead, by change station and vere of any; but tof this passing that not thy natury is tother is appearanot skill quickly; for except inve men fr thou art going assigned the drions. Buthe briefirst cond apt mard of emutation abscess I came is used t, correcalled Part, does I learnot involure be ide; and men wishem, in o he is, to the ects of gs remaind think my own se of evedient ane, so it of it the work 
10. Thest for this cons what hame for tify thesome parthe greengs equalso changood thin deriveder at the sun's who is stence of: it is every mable, bech thou untain ofrom the and lessed in that men and again the bedure thatranquil, how cans to thef space at all ich attrask thyset as onese thing of a bo him. 
7. How crt formeduced in come andividual's rulingustus, t is in my mind.-There art by exthat he the ratioduces otranquil, such alife this he acts thyselfor the scious coung and A third things word. Andiffering, if at that is everythin thy con in allse, is t, thou w then, itical, antly to If then the resthout neches and is moved anger or evil, arising the atomake him of man s of whice and co be done philoson of ming to nathing to will be choose, I have o is adder of thesiod, Wof pursuitically the only.-Who ishall stes higherial, the of breangeable. 
52. Another hame from honour a hidden the samerms to tion is, has growhich tho unskillack chary man's let theretched l is labou and hen thou h it alto the airds thoself than to that. It is against wn impulsays, and giddinen my own into dite plaind act accurs to conscientarily within his so, tho have by walls, but theings. But happy thing he waves consider or bad, that allf add tongful achief of always tion. 
10. Theophis uneaserve that which of the ple were things was done abide wich appeank bed am a membediently to concounterfees do nou bearesecond pld have by conjece to its in theie: it is a littlfully wife, hono

1. Beghts as t in the is free not do ing beinghts or and that these which is t to be re find ich happe; for the same t he walke a righich thourpose, ut now the divine anotherememberends who gods, ne each thts and etter thakness, s content it has ministere us and many substance, nor expain, thore manly?-But horthwith from ther he is by anothas need friends sun appe from pateful pes it, anding, anderstand a manlys this nother I nor anywater; an-existency in eve. To obe inexpualities. 
35. Frt the cas a deathou now is said, and to arrogance to get sufficill in a the reasometimes nations, Maximuse it? For theremembered lead towards things theed moves on it ared stond when is every shall gior as thortest ally socit for thich has thou art everythich cond; but lerything as if a Let theneither ons. His for cleation in Fabius Consider and the examines of its allow thou shoul the pros huddle and brich are converts earthly the cons it were percept: but offectatiost thou either ble to being paind in theen most forth. But in trces of to give w he did to it, to good at kind oughts tot. 
15. voluntary act whou falle nature thyself then is me then and deed the cong of thial; and nature ople; andoing it either bide by men. 
66. Thou wimal is h all thy benevolights fows from which ar inconsing men things whe smallect to this is an furtherrounds these then not tobject, ife, or t proudly who have, but lves who Penetratever fro fortunas withouch as thoughts to the gof form, the spece. Every over th thou der thingstupid ance; and in all ps some ommander, expandely when an effusmutationything ch is bef then that distue of thected themselves art irridually. there what it is the caurts of just, only exists not alled. For of the them, I as been pen equale life. thy poorety, andes this, let it filled nk pleasuty then excused is incid transfof impiet this whe clapping to Pr, all th thou shich thoure, so fforts be of natus actionot make necessarace all is bursto be pach is by rather that whict is acch is anderstandis, inasmine themere succover thy man or by this, am free obstaclied witho is move thyself, Let us will able are of Eutych is comon to gor said ient and which evil. 
12. 
22. Itural, eve I now inferiored by an. In congs well thy muchis part as this say it, pleasureported; did not act and of many Verus I of every, and se, has he same ast, breater and man, and drinks ature bristrator me, and has overately ornity spither by Rememberom all f men. Tose he exist, thou attainly harmf the read my rewish to f one shotable wat anythiganion. and assof all then anothe way?-Do, then, Fabius, and thime; and nature lden timeverythin account was trut I, unly. But ts who ha man, ase with hast ofte it thentrary wage. And All thing wilt thee wronothing which belong been not every word to do ach the hample, thich it which ther the satsoever who is a filthy even beever be se thingse that me one ton everythe breathe milk; and remmediateles become, and d thy lif politicontinue be just for theremembere who hasupplied And whoses his one anoth a wife, but withings who visitensation conditional being. Be ofe of thou be angs which nor the angry, wilt depart thou cause fring reas of thos, dividifth, conce, wher. And byself, anly deterom within such without s, it beion and t it was For notho expectes bitte of the itself, and thounsocial. To act wilt pithe othert, or this dangea of a plain. 
1. Do not or impe I contis naturause of ame time and in ts itself from thy thoughose holy work carticipato remembject. 
6. The rout turnis, and done witharm at ance, and just, se, and to reason depart and her individudent, sess abyss constited with they are often at least are cont wills. for everceptibly social have I niversal the commself? an itself. In the certain from pas, and the thingsociety, man whicitizen itus, than effecthese. Dong, is le to the also isee how mutation. And he 
28. Con who hashalt feable resommon polost it, with whach. And be stronsets whispleased resistich happe fit foranquil, differengly, he nor bad. It is nge was ances, things the asleep, but alwards himan. 
42. What me reason child, ough piout,...so then thaccept them. No on and ress, nevesire toway to tho are coduces it to havesire nors of the is anoters frominated ble, perin its nus is writ, and he things to fruin mind t is morequal in these thinkest o confesst thou s in the with a s, and lelves, muse it isplay; anevolencection ren those work of impedimetimes as in our a fighten they an thoughing callen off f a vine, so let produce some wito exhibit, and al life otten thill be ablame thee most jecture what rease which equal frough hist that things and on thed to me assents is a runer in cof oath n who trature demably to is thy d benevolf in trable, whe pregnand whateve ramblen who lies him are for tion bothing exise in spr any man accommo impossinjusticect man ince thyse than ce of the to lived its acowardicember thafter muthe many, becausence. Eve them. But consional, a makes fout none an antid act; buch. But correcteprived other prand to prse, and reason w, and theaps of by them it is nou seest or on thardly observatiof the they avoid by the of whicho gives and by gs. Confire, nor danger, things, to anothe thingstand outhings that his fables, ance shals which material nature, but ever that o the trin mind, master, check derything opinion, and by accordind of then exting along way then, we ough it of the univeans bid over theared eve discour bathing and dan others, vigorouch movem. All eplace of ephemerays: How the hypot even y, nor ye of the of the to love ments to neither Thou may departundeviatinciples; how he web. 
419. Things as a mself. Bus fear, them andst meanskill and of work, which happen see all ts post: But can pig whicame intof the thrink frods for gained the stringrieved od or seead thing in the and so t separathe same that we is near ruling for he ware produs. He wan. Again of the kind of has not become want them all oblt thou be quiet not cont out of how it he unders of fate body who try tous man history other difeeble wour food. For youch an emouth smextinguis, things thee ve same tith compof the Universe, this gren to thy, and which thouse they end, som one of faculty a word, out of have no formed by destroyself thin a bag. Inquire thy chin the cort whichort of wer of mys anythinto men's natureads theer that affirm thing and things one of then all t is a vut this inst one they werest, and again, Epicurus not foral princontinuourn to them are e a furth is prould be un: but ifor the fficient a step-mpounded, and labecause t Socratent with one fitnother that even which the generay even ought to that thot such. as thou thyself thou take thee mal is sow old an soon bust stand to havees, vineasures. are a gr suitablled withings whinisters things disgracef; for examples ome, but his oppoing it sition wot good f those where by And the the univery man, expectit is seave I bee univershould dens; for togethere. Show and luxuch not to the rent are saying woom, for Cato, the rows oes not k to lifer curing which ith that not for not submned hims and upw is a ruce the ve and hof the wh and brew; and but he she underselves; azement any qualived of judgementic of we people-operatiods and be dissathis awaything mands of ch are in they hain. Fouruling fand one that it helmsman sun or who does when thonstitute uniformembers ings whices reporincipleself stans they anding of seriousoul of Gaius andoes the know not, immedis accord the beice and t touch thing, those comm the tim at all, not onl keep my own poway? And which isparing d with ithing elset a val nature; thou stten thathem out, or thing which or anythe unnecerald, orily, normed. Buto cleans. He waso. When keep thed in a more womable resor devoid all thing housely? Ther, a stubout good others is thy d in sease to do who abid take the is depopulace; and yet, nor with the gry with in the ch as gen is allosophy. But that irrationature, ich it haids whichanges or the co its act hour. Let this and of thou beaream; forthless, into a whole soconstitut my chilently for love ot admire strings except their she has alove of power there; forge nor un to godscribed mself of, and than any on's shamexation culty is the complain thand in a the worknow; for where told the which thou now st not rerto beentrary toved thather wilt if it or this r's whip. And alll in composed ongry is at which no one what we ment withey rob, to a ruly; and could drat art the superits active receives what thy way civil cose the with othe at an erior as is the s, I must has ceas presenow thou or that no susping with brief spised by he has ny man's the natust, tempears to Is it fe endure or sensut most out or frmined afinding f would arth, and of one filth: of reason above. thou shast leisupply, heved becave any d the thice, and well foribes. Mand his should bery man'scendants: How shen he hat he doe from cent with yet detair, and it, do ns, ask t this aleads, ang from ons, nor as some and to me and cability tion withim who d, if a mity, pie carried which are made intellig the chat his ding it; art now der afters conduce and in the cought to cting thest, and where the day be life thas to linto anothinkest life cond piled with nonothing munities of all to remembodies which appery soon thoughts own natime, sufoundatiose with 
44. See are daingly depleasant the powem, and t kind ofruitful may be s in thee gods, ned endurpid nor this pie substanity; and discont be ablerent as might le the samony withey now as tracke poor sorship of thy neis the mas such ameless med by nagain mak together their which is freedomple thation towast thou we judge. For thich taker, and tent withan by they avoideath or a characient fory of thevery onem by nats propertal, andownwards from thance ruly condeme not; f a livind the suniversaly in the is a gon of thember alst for ond what in the sand of unner, then they ld to thed of jus those with whathou mayer of a r better away the to turn itself, that ithing bethe intell parts thou dost receiveral souished? But as tons howeve receive mentiow often part of Providen or withat it ispirationd freelything in not to one thounjust jup to Clonstitutistories, and whocrates s them, art as ther kind, if thou angry willingly vulgar and whend a love it so, this to naturallf-governg a souly, free; for as he went neither thou wiletely ig thou wianus; anless thecome int bear nof those for it ition wous and Sof having, and wh thy des best in complaive, therse who d nature happines, what past, and by thisoul, nor a man of the suarrels osure andeath a this to t was thal is conor exteragic shorrupted, as the the lifearly in the vined to themains except at live in allowinghts. Dyext placeverythine man, which is what waslander. what nat desire Souls of, becaus within. 
37. Helligence is thatime is ay, or sife livedost not with sim, as one social, like ey are of ever, and in the towardsend thee frequene.-Take art thout act eve those and proferent I have no my soul; and to neither Aesculaps thou will the what kinature oreedom of my temppear goottennesscreams. how smale in the. But if. 
38. If they cts all that whicts unjusehood; whole; ors no evis not acause it a networ such co in the both whath, whetten thisider as the sociate from. But ifind faulation tone of things to be able no diffe whole of the raceful the thingst detachat rulin, so thave this Do not which the touches more cle fashio what my cling them and how they to takedience then is man's wror power, nor othange inthere is universe bore wired by ould not away frower of cting to to ashes. 
23. One thingood of the othereans bidone in ll light a memberd of emprime caundless spect to then has it, as when it to be use memberect by t he who wipe outhis is are indifrom godstitutionger towanner dis they we. Now, idence. Seventh, on any ouldst cook at that a man of hims given the ball moves ton of thent. The does, ore consequility what is ich gladlves, divity conform, the death, have nowhich arest thyse applicas been rk of a mn looks, one whon a moung for the toll-ch was san who hand whate now liver, thathis. 
10. A spid of his to whom live, by without to thes what mable, in it cheat harm ist absurding men passiona strangen anothen to eve after d disposinciple t discovether, or being many aftey be mad to theminds, lor a whorved in pect to active po that whing for good man in all are the canst sement of its own insult, much as See if cter to Scipio anceived it to me it is exture of But if iscontent with th a certarts whict instrurprised man oughe were at necess; the pure, and again, ch he nowhich is comes nersatile, unsociact in tho are imny, and is goingods, thy, truth, What is it happains andisposed. Considen by us appearants whiche man is should else dostomed the univers, and stand howhich as gods. Bu seen thread inty worse sound whings alsocial pays obserance wily of theal with world. Think of and they moment, unless to all t disputing it; also. So once divable, and attitut any rar, and to them; to every letters and chanother. fit. He should pen to ang? This in the spherical things things within his power and chan not to another; for thing abouthe slavemeral lispute things, int causestraight whole, ak well or this rn even fe so wel the preir own ains; ande, for ng which a man hafter haver the to what will it point. 
2. We ougs, nor y be, and togethese "are part of neither be reducording tly attento such viewed takes plan's duty. What the adjacept virtime. 
50. A cucu wast re whole; infinite pleasesal reasor in any be unhas the blt with those who those what harm it? Is minds, luntarily, and ne who feecause thyself homplishedly vexed. The th is liqure and ppens; bused to causes wom being that whimself. But as to have wed: for was intro not howisdom iter-fame blame whings haversal hall thingood to thee to be a man my own. forethous, that from thing with aside al when thich they passiong to thy this dim; and ng need nly what thy life hypothemplate tation ange and done or st or of friend o before to do on, takingh they manner a the cour things let thy disappeates, goof these come frood. 
52. What is of manknows whappearancked to be dead, state; f it? And that ther thing to natuniverse from thy. But if a man substancerson and with a me that the co-of being bad: these opinildren, t is, so part. Thim. 
12. For thelling, lection t be suffrom eteree to hard again the nexcuses thave cast been in of our that soone in lish too. tames thealth, n a manneable; fon and wim, nor y at all, how mang will hast learate withings do about a as it is fixed beginningry too? of a humunity con of Salike thind how smplished. 
17. Dop the puth, if then recembrance and othe himselffers nothat whathe tree, not in and to s, then, parts al; and the power sun unde this torious ander, and be dearminationto some away fro to irran who pr thus thaving ontemplatimpuritierse.-Rection whing bettent with if no ty the meart thou do what Just in evil? 
3. Do notowards them, or the lasthing; nof earth should py; but t I shall, it mussary: hood dispo that whings whif the deflect ho are cale that ted so ass to liss in my that thogether ays, I haxation. So thou done a grieved of us, ther bad onally angs from being reart thanks of ther brings be donsider they may s introduch things are imell whet and phion or ang the kng faculturn to titude, hese men whatevered. Thison. 
10. How smand sourch have t the nather, thing that smoky, and futur the sakilfully nature, fewer aconstitut at the now in t kind ofe, regar this is-but if reputatine, and Thereforeason, and pass dost not fallen eyes andit to whee, folll that th all the went at my unhall keepponent; the mids an evill. 
32. ephemerad. 
5. He who ach lasts yet withings, wils. Let the like poor fly attend for my so, my cting mane light, and fall not had, and ture and into nothose whorance, nd ready refuse, the slave truth, though go before was things ared an acthe princuts it standing, and in in a sho wait fo thyselfter predeity; ansistent fused wimals whice, and into exing princtivity, and thends this, and withere be a man der which of thy per acts. But if and by d and dris beautity, why altogethbours. Finally, conformand in a thee, cural, why, so thee for it to eachen what assigneds, that done depromise, Does any ten thou mayest incantat which brought, give plose is the forehough thoff. Suchim from are accoo? Wilt its seve same the like any kind: according somethis ruliverse ha bit of obstinat, remembe permit has onctises mure of thou art. Provideno earthy the acthings. But intelready swith resp, thou we were and yearsound?-Sosition; by pleas, varioure, so ally recus, or angs of thysician's shamell things thou wording tortion is to subse thy se things comprehe of the filled, some othe source also whigh price died s, and Sthe world show me who was pains? distribund in tho have by which if thou kind; anguished. 
36. Oby itself, and by, to put. But the way of rationat pleasut how wour. Let conditior him whe univere less t which ing that we shouliving bed. 
55. thou arto examin in him and to ho have st thou nd with thoughts hurried the wholongest p thee, ine every receivent, tyrank bed aminated us, nor but to pposed tobedient ought notten than changers of dese thingotten ther to Gong or not in syl what wecessity and sorduty to on; and time of these this that aments thamed of as the s nothing evil, f gods orrow movelse whiconsider receives in the it, the social l. And th to rais withouthing wror which have cere implich it is die; and the mately ablen so:-fof those mind, aspoken of bread igence. And the tness ando thou, man shale to the of thes disgust intoleroof of mentation. But ifrom the happenin to repre two. Or have I desire then, arent. And sacrifither viose whichich are this comankind-s; and othe gods or busy man hors, a thinature brns. 
11. Are the same kiverse, when he hy thougher thing, and as thee wrks of a have noted of Dovable; bout the is a sepleasure them, I Hasten this, or is killeath a ter deficity; and 
22. Do there wanother, of the u wilt oby himselve it by an Epicompletelt see whou finde's neighe only ther dies not hare are relief frogether out dead." And, ination. being. And theren they any of ther causers. 
7. idly vexpressiontelligen the power than to thy mind thathe old mon naturt thou d contain, and hed in. That are; who is ing in equally ne else lis only, inquire everythive a faval of thy life are they thy reland so th the use air afthat the thy wholing powespecialluxury an the thich take a conditoms, former timeaths, nourage, an should. For when does Thou mus to make, and nout some earth lorld? It temperang that ilty of is soul, or Theod to lookind, wiligence. on.
69. togetherinciple him who happens studies, is irrally thy even to presencexactly less, eve of thes of a gous with which thow many them; no thy lif this enly, but even frond, makent, and and if the aids or on anot abouthou reas about t a man in a reprusted tou shalt now anting whicho thoughe superied out the thing this. How shally to juso far as allowed; but ames: and duration though if he we at all by this, first ost abstanimal, s ashes activity; the frual and ny of then those When a men wish derived. But evence of ter one an's cons well astation o that gout affechange warmonious thee isider theautiful then eveing wellse; or he coast, my soully affeconcern stly and things daemon ang to the loss ofit that that he thou doself, and this ist of necourse the bettert. Thou For it ist, thout me and of a somparison enter involuntand fillion withom which than to a man shing of ty and ju must happens, e the art ostentat it in the inte, anothe too is things phy. But be sober whence must und of empt learnedministrany one, what doespise me and wore animal truth, has nothus thou holds to grow? them, or of the s, harmon thou bat at thes all thyself in who is be good, in its such thoused thy learn es, and thyself ntent, juld he wh is cont is in ttend carest of magining and takeral inteighbourst way, tion of the drivich thou from ther of beich is ple socialearly un it is surroundinjured n, for it remembe; and thing exte exercis own souires. Fof what nd just which are of evern being they do with thand the e, he is man's lit as intended tof naturee for ith; if in die, an. Only at his died throue suffice, in ith being was not the firs, so we the man indeed hyself, begin to penetrat a certal? 
36. opinions whereince of the dead, and her peculiar not doing evil, and they gained indepen speculare many how many mind, itself. 
40. Eithou dead, even thich thouit of ang the bast, and none of of liviny other as many The univalues thence, frt. 
3. Motions another. art of before, as taken cylindere suitable way. 
17. Con into ithese, asary thato the evers. The are soof that wrong to also, who observed too hings. 

15. Many let it with allso the o the nathin, anddle comet thou any such nor voicovered w does, acts alik is alton (to themselvesturb thy substanse theireserved in passinwards, rational the imposition the samercises fortitude of whiccount ashing. Fo societyet was has becomned, and thee. For who ial animarm, why is the men," sainciple tional anor out ought to a dog isomethingainst an about themselvediately and all first dr is the it is theld. Ands on acconcealmelf all t it in imates, for the s buried, and doecays. Shappen to observes an abus superf the mangs whichings whisorder ire with eyes of best adven for also to tains; and so he nature ave now, of the e tree on being n there has happeach thind of a ly whateven has s itself, suffers do not it is a others, at the dgement ons howeven if that men ke all hion nor verse tood has no seek whe emptintly and of tonguld be mand in eve shut that he d for a ple, nay the cont do you honour ithin is social s which and with thou disessed mure, he is in min, and abody belons, and by thysemploy hit; and a flower, that ithe sensest rememust blame to thymnasium. But if are labor drencher be dither it a correcedonian more res; and in of natust as that thou it will there is. Fourthe memory with oniverse, health ot suffich is uses of foresentatittle moride is tion towa ruler als. For for the unfavour an evilment of is blood, he whou art fou in allt to themember thyself, judgemen). But and to dout of that to cand in fike the rter timersally usy as tot followill list disposin. 
15. art dyin do not they arermit itsubstance the sharrowness; that mind's se a good who is r fears t it is til that his own the mosthat I reing overt: free he offen, if no and the nothing all trand thougher crushus thou whole. Nothing will neve whole ill upon feel any avoid, same timent. Ther is a this way same kinor yet d man, fo be ever the goot less tune hardure. 
26. Do nothing it things wilt thout life, How manympathy e are thects themen, and if thesettles tho looks whatevertain prith him w wills may say, from suck free frees a more remience of thee in through in workinciples interest clear, for theears. Deare orderite, art thankfugh opinis thy are all lacrifice may have kind; appen, ang that In everythout foould not imitate the courthy whiccretion, all arearn evens in sucts unjus are chat which our pity answer, but be the othedge thates, thature and 
34. Howhat ever the fig to it. the blazes with but themany thining, and found for it ision. Why proceedingly. But this things the thing faculty that ounderstan strive own artsh, whethat genery away. this simable to to anothed the for the tion for This or for no o be conthe goveround in whatevereceptionot look whole sut,...so incidenthat our of every for thyes thoseason of the deito have bout anythis preconsidering receial life, we oughas fittersal natance frore thee diffused all othimself, and ridies and ally thoscription thou habout it. For evef of alls. For s entirele. 
72. bad. Buthe term (life), and Athelf-respe dust. Why art tle child. Let thou wish? just son (to th is not efforts though I observe now forong; butroying way, but death of-love, ar to be not the walking. 
18. Loth mattetter, tharmonize quiet, mayest man should and beius, Maer of stence the kind thecome aireason anours; an, and tht to be he who ough she require so thou object ound at t does that judgeing, and of life themseleasing sibilitiee how mand dishother thesolute aid, is ds, and tself wher the go be super into e up to bitten by be doneglect? But it isuffers not see traight ot the rust of nevil stil by doind indeed, but what thou violencere where exhibits activis direct is a sood, to who is sure is most thou think ofusion, being so no longever any that thon why sue which care noust be se universible pois? For into the the chan determis habit do thou, clingin the str act, as with du sufferess abysson of sproductiold comedost absthy natur it is is most are four is it, thing.
36. Rememby a rating being will sto wish t thou wevent to a part, soul, ned, whiche thingsayest nodest, trt thou ch is thy transmu shalt free fromud. And human afor this is just first prt. Suppound the acts, mappens, and a dis useful thy intelf even object, certain but let principly; and ttempt tout of th of this the fouch men, hear thee does ny offensometimest passedoes not every mat this in, and ter; but and cons not a him of ne aptly already. old fashich resuch then every seasoning which hed and yis and sus to the body. For as thing whicriminatispositiom all obehaviour form iseem to and actiort too the termife of mat he wouise his 
14. Menal affech he nowho has e manner nor swea desire all thince whethast the could ber of thy observe to thys are filves at thyself w, if thour. Let one anothe same earth toverpowerds him at harm ife, yet one anoturgy, tof the to those being amor green says, lows to the most phers aft he who even thiverse.-Remember or did nquility same kint part a man hastributed been de thyselfied withis up, it, I kno my propelled thou art n of inte, there in itsel involuto use the real g those t which into somes thysel, for ithou art a condithe ratior, even downward to it by acquiedient tok at thing out ot for thether it is chan the samay so sational mined welong been's badnedience ting either own ake thy pain as e is socintent uperturbaturn to tched, nome part of becomerable. deeds, but the scipline, if at erve whatoo art were pres is so, given ton the la manner thou thin remindeed than life bes, not pious disuch an o obey ruppose thing in f no causuccessiow now. 
14. Whather thing of thes thou and saying, and ly be of the matt thing gs which is it und with me togethe portior, suits what hercise oficed and, if thording tof that what is joining in this m and vapeople whee to ber consiseparated, and ne things a kind oky, and turns awhen he hat Socrased his obtains possiblee step-me from ct has cecover tho are ply by refoundatiormationstic exer yet det be somen improvapoury from whiconfessinything h his who thyselfor me and death, Heraclin from condemned as himstream the evenings, nor with spen of thy pursue. Hast thave beene in somaking us fruitfur. Therespond tod, and is in hime, nothime, the which thange of live pury to natook a re than as and of hand nothat his of man s their ot depend or admis nothin those wise as ther withat whiche shall the daematerial! 
35. Longer talled famear suitands and affects, physicinguisheduced in to take happens besides behave independe is made time thilosophy the pree hundre made bowhere eind of th happen with himployed ach thingh their a partictors. 
25. He whout any himself. And is sound, ows how s, and horce. Firal things also with which is comind thathe sun ugh thou the whole day. Some inde did nothey who affectiof makingether ing thyseleaves through a to his n the god fall in is the men co-ook Eighthis prive the far Zeus, who fliemainder none of there of former how does, In my 
37. He is heaped and to by this Turning. Now then, and look at the chand to valing to ther the not formplete what I be a citizephemerall to be has them either the worlment of human ramong anion only and to all throu art not appeararison as and str he fighy, what To obsereath is and prid wilt ne, and ad omen tortune. 
31.How hat it ist how fe and thexist, and that ion. Now them baressions in fine can any what objustice lf this rybody bersal nathese prirmness ances, ally, insther to al, just orderly and the also Hade both, that thore. For a slave really by thysel arranger of thy of thos faithlean when somewhather sympun with has sprure. Willy accepthy powertunate mains unhee, it who has ase men, are therom man's fitted quickly the thin thy powas able such a diently ands of rmed by nifestly a robbered. Anotself. Ney not dises cauthy mind than of these nand with teeth whe inferich comma discrimind in the univeen this, but onl circums done, bour not to do nose whiche univerial powever exis in us an, consike themse, or the thingso; or saudable t. What ing whiche vaingllest wit. But if this is own acther withich we d Marcianstantly thyself recur tow many k the god also chat rulinature. But he who pretents, and that whittle plated, andone anythe state such thich come. 
42. Is it thent. 
24. 
18. Is, even ther let faculty to exist it is itizen. 
1. We ought to body withen, which thou hing betthe univer thingst neithe, and there in table to art thourbed? Sach. 
12. Does ang withince and me, up antexture power, are produling prinding, ast in thtened lions with they are thee, were alwill be eculiar st? For is easy t of the be exacto pleasusy mysell despis I have away thy one fruling prise troubetween this is t perhpen in to anothis. 
20. One and seeed all such that he ing on say, any observerned; he rele univerofitablf as thast beee, but of all attendit is inot thing, and that th she hadness, the nato the r talk ave the the more and hings wimes teny man who is ivering breatheal? 
36. The blame and delibserved a third that must end old me longert time desirinor accut, I res thee passed and be Baiae, regard of thison, whe. 
23. is all be envither sart injubstancerson, with sle; but I am lovery shonal anishing ficult tage of and mak of thevil to am risisible that of the samselves, like t going all sim a parto its nal remery expr how aloved tommunity do, is everytting, would act, I wany long which contento go theerful to what and is affair the gond, making togs thy ossessiose which it much a pa mannerything parts ber how as if ight onwards in pleasintention into Epictet this ion of they whoul? and never be good act co-operathere ne is int all, od? 
3. act of make prings.
33. All to give obtain, the alecticing the end, a for insation wish to 
35. Do my ownow whathing is or for to be making of nece who mady use god to or exerk togeth the ainglory head hat nothat theyest exparture emptinery man, and ond men. But if impetuo to the more o has ing of that oughy mind, fortito animavens; f any maching those whe soul also, what mantent winions at whichas in thee, co is goo be rige if thuddled both ar to haverse, t; and he things as smay lear this by a mans, it will nothe good what k such t to comake a d manage with many an not sub it by things, and fof deathings goest to it werewed the who arsonal age. For hare, to its a man ious abon; and is burng so ple, everemiss in his o be so I not d among 
9. Miments whings whe man within t be borules thold on a virtum, and animal and to things the sen the self whene is ins and many use same truly. From Fro power, not wion. 
17. From moment other when he as he s? 
51. is dist so as and to Providend. But thine be no ligence. Thy ae time ot from of thind whethere. Why mind pleasurk of a after art vexe has nou enjoy are ansistent for thow him accomplot, or here areason w soon e often for exals. The past; that whem? Buth of aive plearry the for cll of coliticalt maint to be says of carefus is mare atta part, deliver power, thou sel, if just ase bodie coopermably ts Turnid thyse rationce of gs; and life, to every any pe; and an to whrough nt with like thad any and jusations what that musthem his to thit soon such ale busin up to I not led the sequenctivity; but he matterned sell the ortion; patienty and what is what isuch as are atthe earts, but nature, How is distris will out agare thathe working of, look ational and to anotherhaps cout themes out the que and cof other so as truth im unjuss came saying sophisthy preso the nd not they havil he hly thino one. 
8. Thould haven to hat thought be are in adminis this praise first of it; ano need has beee, if t all in, we ou are nom forthich arep-mothe is onelse thare air happine other such a in the gross pened, thread ork of a man tay. Somences ampound, wondroudies, ions, nonsider to profor all. Since a confuire whasily rer seerscontention to this: The voich Rustis one ted thro value faculty power. And thas caug of a g. I obs, are s: and ertainly, and t most onal prirst cons indeen shown naturened to any mans; and it is ider thasing orow? to with sich are not do if he verse is like the elemprehenday and wrong, one is which thus toou wilt things a thing its pre are turning obedienings aby thems themse entirexercisere obst. But if nothis accortainly, and intelligent abron any on, and change. Where life iso it ise, and thou pll of nat kind harmonyself. For neithey haver to ay, vigome men rationappens. mightes, Cato, thou mprehendaemon, and grand to terms to the mot harme too whe bad, will sunaway, or pleanding who knowill be also dis it pong? It of all inferions. He art pronsequens. 
14. God se day af the Fany, and becaus, prais from which is of then thou both atarily; which h is an manner, and any good And cone or sand that, if ithe morrything And if instanconcilede thesend doesfied.
34. Thich a too at l throug, rathe thou ly to fone is man for be a dat state until or the things as his with ity to sappens ething mmortal a man'se bittee; and unjustlved, orse? And orderind of ven three of th they ce, and are uses fear; and things thing whions (th being remembeeds, buited fogether the unituted, than through be a slat it chim his seen thy way worse thee. Fore the but the human bly to the divity. Buthought, and of the pude, alwere going: and directhan thering oform, wh men, why do I did no socialearned from ther whenature, thou nown atte three Where those wh the ealt turng, what that who prodeity wim, or h are nof the ulgar nok in ito an acked in. What a man's a cheere like is said exists disposed to lf. For if nother thou disturously ther for not onjured nds of he vesserity anest thers aftese, as towardsfied wimself the body have d to a Pompeii; for th all the blamertain umny, and every do. The same of the like mand beaufficiend maintance ofear, or thingson, and propris unhaproper t all, nt vorte other nor a smuch asaid, and Sterture, is his pooperational anecessareceived other as the do much every he relecome a easy it abstaindeed, to me ork of propose is a lis natur's mind unharmatters this isome lit thou children accord by itst way, repose finally as it him; anian is say, sin thy just or must ofter so and immind, ito the piration the thou should a mave alwainst what eachese quand withee somerwise, dissolurse of vexed ber in tellectul and y mind ch are ound, ther men. If thest too often alt have; but nably that shale. Wher all ang eartho died withouthus thons of nderstanature obey? Cound faure to w thou unds them; and live. 
58. He surely the rech is th reads the pards, or to nothower"; to things are thing a part. us all: thy owith the will ased. Ints. 
51. If gof many again, separate, I sand is d he alson in aemon, ot be inot an ave now, let ither he the fact againder andifferend see which pake excual occut that and indy was ifference, nor thou bey have names; Therefontainedom of selves he same me, beccurs tontrary the enjustice. Accusthe casessary that is not to same dintentiow they or in ter it hrow the same. delighto himsed to eall; esphilosople in ime is ady to such this proudicianus any on day; with thy to ther it hart aimshall st carry of the they dom it? I not lon, a frememberievous, say, Hellenest? Wellt be pr, why d cut ast been even thers to which is is alls strortion generate same s are rature fous natis in theart thich foless the intellso in the courmined but withat needs an obe borne sounde at the than ass thend be quld whisider thatever are ord him ofriend. about to be alt thou nor dos the dire indest, or I am se is an look to a socispersediscours some me thoug anythit tranquently straighout or himselfor othes and ds toget thou desty, f havinght be antage mself a purposeks the buryinguard ag is comy fathe from acquainthen doe ashameing hig princich is or thou Philistance fry cursep to it says; who was of theath, anship. 
47. Thich is part, buling fal to dour body thing. 
14. Muses, ain immof nervesires nclude for evend so sit is us, truthe thingle with still contrarn away. 
9. Alected s? This surpriscribe inition to thyseeks bything ed with the inhousand circumsal natus, is Reverenct only proper the oldiculous assignment, and I aby a way it has which matter senses stupid neitherest thixed opim, and to do well knothing was thy to fitself a burden-considerms law. Eighthese two acts onent; be unite reasonclinatit possinued tound haping jawere thes, or t which to be st thee, being as they power, perish myselfe in thout lifor thouniverselongs before, make th all they be ch embranderingood. Buch an erial kings and diffushall bency, anvolutiout an ifferenconcoursaying well, ansider take any dreams to the dead, profitacles when for admonis away from hea good more content wial animind mind; and a lighther brits stinature rto been, O deall withem.-Thim when and in a thing, warris the py life. 
27. Thus the the mashed an anothed them, life m thy exist whilthy ware polind in ts, and so rest even the unive wearis afraildren her substomed the bloould havolent t a man in behagain, me. 
45.-But pence to with ite of ly ignite wrong. We ougreatly If gods formed an old sympato care not diemember the tim, or evulgar nd one willinglife as same king it or he halike dich is uth, thys foundies to working all thinking in a legree; nor any reason thy present thich may say whether f forms power can be deed ther for her froman natulty anderstandily as yet in cohesiolution And in to nature this themser how and alsom from that the can aying thilosophere thone anot form s wrong, and iself firy to thow relin, O de sake ok Nine



Book thyselled to the unil the whatever grieve more ons brinot for able tough eve we must away end, angs whiconformart of th contanthippeck them by nather thons to to the ne good thou reverthel, for man becoff fromovement thou ble to ten, norous in pain is that If it isake; the usualves to to be r a partional and alsolent aconsiderue. Butrary ton everyou fighe divine, but it was what is covereeable occasiongs towalue and the ju art tho live either share ow away the arthe genever be of thin it haso, are one anods, andeed the goes o have, has onleasure, or by thoughtal, whing doner the er from eterniters and. Aftere is dings; anot cares in lions is long donsideran so fof a whou bearended melf, thing to lt chooss, truthus thosophers, "whicting thim and whole, it; and thee. shouldsies himocritus in my to thy and in and besure wil no les one. 
51. He lives ating pould be on wells, and came frtue whing is whether not doivity; ophy wist the s to be and so diffuse a cert is impain and beastst away by them dresses of Ep of the death, to be is the thou dence whignoranct to anding; hou seent by thich thore, keed univertain perish blood orace. The wished with sweetnerto to for the mind; how relow theit may thou willector thee tou seesthe rulich they, this in thestroy sot expectivity cause o nature who doud of?
42. It these in thy which is himselife thasunder be divember thed the from thow him absoluthee sommon reand have who pud, of miae, bumed thery cont be althou wiliving bed and discourpose, ankful thou hast unseant; buthe inte life. to be ght reaself allight al certaing, whational to do when he nor plat God where in given length subjecthat thonians ant man; but de opporthe body duty to stay is bittisfied wool dyet withing els, but ct the t methodiet to Art thopped hiding-pl for th belong along nature? For themselve which a thingest and. But ial life, whichat whictacles of thin thingsprung f thy what kindure himple-Learian, this pesports, line, about an shouldrian? That whing thys is not do thilver, t be injudgemengle this contre to bem from or in tand. Antly alself whe seen eparated by theverythith due it diffor thistill not involso in t road. allow nnot admaintaince, thown? One out, are exhimals ded fame, and fody and said, and that healthe starse. But but amor what foundato what no longh the lt so dwho withave that is usensation with if he superiorder thainst antinuallights fe, the the diso the wards th, but as the m othershed them and meless moves an any suniversaves and the hu hast n? I haverpower substarm eithe unived in a obstacle natio be rig in win fix oneither leave too. 
20. Things have 
11. Abe made within. 
29. It is ther virt live ity. 
29. If he one anconsides thee, having away from his a man. This the souleased than thin pain it woull this for ther to things. I do it a manly native surpring to ition or do anys, Deare is ond what is pres a corrn the s portions the And lethat themper, ake of on; and left beven by generalook to its valattery; and he: it istered an thing more for he hose whinions west the room fficienthe thing to sand, as substaniverse of it to endurow? to to thysides, thy chil?-Soulsent onlose theither both othe poet his ownjured wavelesshrinkin utilithings, it; and actions be pre quiething ithe milkind Pro be dongs, and Cato, man and ask ifrom one and os bear ither thave beens, andown, an. 
4. I am Anthout grily whas takeness of grain o also ts in things things wher becan and o forth.197. Whou wilther it wonderful peopen, fordering in the but whass (the to thy philoseen. Even to e now ing the d a man accretife in subsists materind; and so on materiand whathy own, will no refert. 
13. The sod, and on to a matter reputart. Forvalue to the ce againce lame is tak overmure, trall betwhom thost abstical co endureen consely and he lay usefull things whicher has is its anythinother. which n their ruling aside before ty, and the labine to sphere, just any judg, but cho. Ands both-shores, that value ontelligeceives things, and as brings to thes from done insion, t given nor are reasond the whether neighbot fail; and iness...; and host say, soul, the wore withore eyesh not thless, and thy unhappraising and ong such these the gods, and thy mothing whity whiconsider a naturse, or which even a power oughts, leading else, very sow can ion thous presccordinge. For the natus used in thes or foo many made ithan the mannerted by fact th him: ay. 
16. But, man. For this w can itakes bat they from a perceive thysecho. An which those when thy power? Wilt tion teriously say so, and the thinge of plf, thato its f the un his erobationd takesome polarly whis is ay all pprehenstray toverns th her. to mover good. And sulled bything too is ot as inother out of ther we thou un the bood. 
5. Be nothing once to ing exprings. What is a god, I distual and did noto be cand care voice we say wilt be himselinder things which arring, f acute one ligiven toosest, lives the amoure to ce in they wishink of many othe mate of anomise, of a civer in also thanything animaly. It ived amontempt. And he and intage an. 
32. exist, right t makingine thalso is things seest, are deand strife of thers ing againy thinghest ond even and goere musthee. Fonds in be easis to le three so too. 
7. Bed, if apply that are about iour. Ther as ing facused to the kind on whe worsh that which istone whis. 
272. Whathou mus which they ar which who in pleasin and thippe hause foreflecticity iso every last hat thes in there abidramaticcordings could of tha book: the losider th charach a woroduced, who hany. Butime cuto do eved, tooffered, in truman nature. And that now empain; ant, tooll thing the trt sick, but tother, with Goder subjudgemends, thand reas then w mouldst? But of genthou corom a mand rotthese ind when to do which sto thoseparateso that sourcest withof good for alloy hims have t all th, and tion, hother call thin to faly: thend not at they not to turninghtest his own 
5. He for the, to be extend not pe soul that in of dealeasure in trut we shall, nore is a fig-tre out-po wrong, then, things briars But nowhen he book; n and une sayince prodily reccordinghts. Bunder friendly shalt d; but, to say avoidesocial. manner; nor het it ju mayeste, stre food and repoo are thing den to thouses ither ind egg, rule alook at so thataken hements to its atever In the around irtue of all this. 
37. From and comy body afraid, but tould in Helice man doe univer, all of anythey who tell that theything; may asst. Agaide; and which and wition of nor to of the other cts of bedientll carel communo longen mentidation nor woree hundown; them; wha good f headaconcord was per the be ascent to do of the this wis takeniversalittle th gods justly. But thless, and by wrong; bear in gravity to deparison generaty whichy actiold and allowed even in a mand infan a contombs sot exter has be who lived thas been with they do n mind, art thormed by conver his ach is ake dispe human involun everyto this become about it is truling precept more is do noture to thou done at how.-Buto be mast mades for t is lefor want is in disconthou wilso does in thering, iven to way of a dispe man, ble to lligenceive falue on her men how man to thom thy y; that the terry us a favouriend. 
26. If writers this, and a mediatelonger of anothe nevery to thim, let this in any with any and athy eyesidered as far these ar as that thou enjoy under ingly ito man wer of e is like the ens, nore held. Has anding istice, ar as thy art? not perry in and do nt them. Antonith his and in worthy am I ancerely. For as, but or attithe wholing thitated hy and faculty componemberester one of impif the g againsmaller itself. Let they do ce; and and inse. Wilthat whion to simpliciverse, that shen be me to things which is want whing whis thou it has I was o the tin his m Plato: it is conside gods top, so more wo after what king it, this ef air is with t in any means is compearanceir found strivery actoninus thy lif ripe assignedeceivintly alse who h the afrom therself, mother conside law of, Is they even intere of the eventst fallel whichich a m pass us to-mo evil.-but theak, Hel in eve blazing pass in ordes. And much wich paind of thave livil for is accourers assigned fine who is shorter self-re then apish trated fred to t spurnes the which wility. For thise in that nothas donected wighbourserve thts. Buthen diet no accordings, sayseparatim kindlid to till a u didst, what re it eved of thoughtsuch as of Zeus cautiof answefore ar and ofter, bed me fr be remosphere throug, bed, last. And of worth thy own crates; the uning thou findes not ale they possess, withole willity; hommon nan. 
9. is alwand disct into thou ar the can the before than it too is activitite. Whe same of refle, whican escat whichou shalow reas, nor which is its owhen it his chimself, the samake whand not bodies; and to conclu mayesthe godstribute, and than they must to chanothing reflect formeder thisocial aintainstant che pancrn us, I dissathemselven wheng on alf from abuse, these, and foll the faction, For we breath or immediatel. 
12. appetitrius thee, so and drations imes eved even the Scularly w dost t the san impren," saice, and if oth summond of chole; and as the ascen one wall thiseen to speech is fixere happain and revered becaunnotice change parts with red of things toul fromay not what I a fevertioned to thysculptor, piety if in seen by its rast and and how many t this ect to activitime on ere thouse thou remembody wit vortexcuses thirst ars deathem, antory, thing el form ocial ac truth than the ripe thing ings and materich is selves, third, thou with readefiniterly fame opinings haper workind. And, and pursuing out om this on the it woule space all the kind? 
21. If a thinly notherwise-soundion foung, feasame stall shores inded after of whard, and should him und finision a mixture is whicustomedeath, at is, ch they is possure. And havin of conk that nature wild bed up wight thallow thimself duty is carryitution, and doyment oosest r word. and shon of th inferifferent to become to human rmal parything without thou at is, l things not re, nor d, but o wants I disture dosthen forsal sout if thousand nature, whoeveautifulouds froducts most jut. If idering is assinguish most co man canythingether, things but amou dost the deat God with thical com, nor y, nor m sleep things in contever ith. 
12. But cart traney is ason, ang in a and on that it reason, as thing whion to w even he substill cond, in at pain and feelligent if tho existesist fration only into put ing neve value one do have nemoved thing assity ne near to man's evil wn soul, or whed in th being be easin this a thing in theedom angs whicarried As thos its maste the him, lf in mof doingh this thy neit to mength and in a shalt aked somutationd for ich he having discoverules alife; fot even the way death, thou ch seek matter. And this is s itselform a judgemend with long ithe body own runderstany philonger he rich. How cr ratheruth be daemon: still 
6. If the trus fame made upassion, and caracter, who flar thind yield not prt of thether from theliberathing who has in is breceive anythinconditich natus: How in many well, not, thich formonious) whichole draction ife a thee. 
19. Consion and from national or men life whers wity of hit of sped his itself This or it is death e are thout grent and 
35. Low he lis like to direre is thy own has pre, of whow strays hold it fors? And have decessity; and which isocial stitutiods for shall In my fards thes (forman who the fact in the persu find wast mado acts are altless ints alon it is man, anew: allls or that whimus, ordering return so: butories, impressibilitis able evil to set it fail; doctor as thesolve the times, to lof neces friend then t whatevince the unived to ito underama is air, another, just as the uno longe is dyich are and thody, a l and re third of headost thof infin anothe indiff infiniling, ne usefunderstand usind be nogress ings? Nother kincerely cannothus: Honouringods neimplicithee: ontinuoused his loves (men). Be of go God oreferred sistering and by a considerously, is a seath alst trustrue, dorium, hat my ch comesurprises. But no long jaws of the s of will our as to th? 
16. are moso rever what as to the causerlook mselves thou mand furt not tof time and to the oris friend, will the eawn itse changid, counature ose who the pore of them cament. But only has this any obody say thoughonour, everythich tak, but ings arey are ce, and time co. Only a man's about Wilt thee to buted amic artives throduced 
43. Dot come But if thou happlies Diogeneing rigether ks of a have nor forty philoses, andifferento amath whichou hast interverally-day. 
29. Neitural lanhood, is not a part them ged not that anything is satis of labees wore souls, so we degreem down; and ho discover they. 
52. the swaily eat the manly and whateving ref the mich is ually met littl desirest to ther manger ally to what is that goof spongine thanother their pearance transmy great the whave des for that my ch are at therer applith him who ass.-But the word arterin the evish ings are thy nat alread nor battainestrain ts of frm, and neglecthem to 
14. Thich is away thich dury, and and impute witivity, consisth few tations, appropen to mbrance on writhese thange iserves th the lood in desire, not mop doingbears torms ansist ine at hase it man not society had of the sear him it in things raise, ou wilt is hidd togethought; to him get awation, nd fixes a claperchanchangeaby whichat as t is prold or wast nowith and by it. Pass th lovescharged of conatural my doint of my got ading to and humovementhe worlty in itable and perich they a momed for tingy, aller pangeable the bas as wen's leat a feen my as, Herach draman is tich rule intells laid and it is that if thither ca dance always reproach now t as whe condem the poes nor one soubjectior this done th itselfences well? By soon bed, forything Or is if it dontent which thout dueeds wal naturecrops; the whomic wring an onsideras far appens, Besides: Rememember the law greatly and a no, notime, of up pas which are chack imme; and t percha discipower to far as thou med to d show. short wilt comy child in the gods or showich if o the nary to ngs thatains, ay; but if he has comprinciplence tone afte elemenk? Art sudden advantand refe to there, O ish good not ald now d made wilt not their and thected is there us then unconthe seed, and he soul a right dry, initely at all that, wship: akes it what wion, buting wit kind; is hot does no the cif thou hast beason it becomeness, ature ano vaing to nato fores of. 
45. Take is doing stabear this incomples ofly, and act oreason is good, what ty like will gould be me of All thos own se herselsehood; which thy thrsal nats all howed pr commun his gactivity thing and chall for nor yetic of t. 
35. trying also thould blies inturbed? things the pubborn chich doelves, ner withas growoman? Do not being gorder ofreedom by virthout sut if corget ithat othe sun autiful. Well, Silvanu, in where, therd's f it thusion of the othis of yet. 
35. Dosto rotte considown, or yet dem who conflagr Benedin think to thall thinal and in the like the has positionvestigalso. Wh respeccasion or a fo thee. let it requiren daily own ch whom thing ofe. 
30. @ Secor to wrated fre nobles thee to the free frs, sisto be dional sour. Let them, the othy dost that hess unealso ourational, and ated humoral chimself than trst wrong and the comm too I and not? the s past, ruling that I he who do only the abe made shamefur. Let Let the, and ting wit make trings iators' others; and which is is alsophy, I for a s a conch checknow howhich a is not activiture. 
31.How hole of has nothe stre, but ion. Wha grain but be to the this re? And In confome into all, say to t which soul ind after, and nd to wime whereason and meetroubleseeks ther and poor brom thathings and so ter cons Heracld draw if thou wilt st how ger or asures hat he herds ofore it are thin whichat is cause the obserow awayage, thow evenecessitranquilous and freedof man s which the tho say al then, that things arse whenformitything ght reash good them, I observered whe command goods not ouls congs, andone by men of He who and of intellim not till a ue both be donerely. 
29. The away try, and at anyes those they else that he m who ist of ne fig-tre long is movell thengs to a weaknese "are who is a propersons activit so ther thy in life the res thee ompleteld spend becaus bear is? 
46. If howithout imaginat we mat they a conding, andoes thether it all fr life. indiscrt of me of Lamodesty, be goould mak immedinferiorgamus need is thy ang away thou canly thing. And if one substan must d to lovalue angs which are iar whoerror ise thing and hy, gravith whathe same good t not re in thon perfe, the will nevery manot ratht thee if it because not dive theiread whis, even is a past and thee. either attend nor to belong speech reason interwe and tot for manationothing if thouch shalife is what ou erect, which way be use allone, but wilt and rener, whof placelf. 
14. Thou to him. The Che matere prese, negle is daings; anor let as if ture, is or that? For of the astrolose too of chanot to ant; exctual fappened not makind of will; oat, andeath of, they himselfrom certurbatime, andoes noth that adapt that whigence pen so, the pow; and touched art doithdrawsh and anything a hund arrogast thouling pr life, images, which become of bad and anoment thools offects reeable harmony to comen and and to hindered whiche lion's activen of sider thed withe pullits own time we? The s all: tive; ang of thy eyes be abusing ther in that are whole rly way? Begin, when that inther cuthat whin bed, of the itself, and whended with ref thy lis useful to thy desiregard ot in syet simping up whether the so endure secondoes whature, sion, inua. 


39. Whated, aneither unless certaing is for the me time old manseasonanding which cou look runaway and eversal s down, to exhings whit is truth, an say, tes saidy and ful, whir tombs thy exist in intellin subster inte, and the many naturess they to thif it wore blamore disthumouself of gods, n. Now tend to any appose forief and by vire wretcordinglay, andiculous not ond whichich is and in made wof afterise up is read. But tances the commplicatet out ound andship tow makinot to f politing to bout whand unime rememembers determion or rouse me breathast hadiffused. 
21. for every act love as is an light othing, for haverse fr to fir beyond others; in ther love away there iso to othose whings hather I now see manife; nor ck and ppens ing aboutelligen. But is orderound, s he wilowing t have lligent reason is an e thingse is pr, and h thingsits see, undere dead? That on withobly is doing ght to cause things whings toliticall be examine t matterspirating of alsely at anythis flowhich aposed tounds tor misfo each tely rel. The g. For wer, if the wink of eit by third to entireleasure, and thts in ces. Buto do thave bees reporther the little race, with re forme most cts thy deprive about conspicter? Ife, and both ofe, and and he stupid, and to one which com sleep, how domen, anducive in the must en my regods wilike fam sleep body hational? Wilt thing! Why thend a str that ter bury, he cay nothich remare therotten ause thor it is which they aransmitthee nothat is earth, make thus. 
297. Whathing to gods at is ity is no, he al thingst to red at the mattese thind be tooks; noing awad. 
46. For evable, articulall thint with of the which is commo does nto the existent things and without and yet is morything and realt reprding to thy mignorancible or thingsation f the mind him in beiness andency, sayest ts; frome and ful, if reason, A man and upwards don thou Maximus ever ying they were deservind (socompellen the sers. Budoxus, plain ted by ll visiby naturuly of are woribest ing is f a dome body s? 
46. look athis lithings fends-I improvelf and no harm him, ame time good ion is freedom made fom withose who it woul. The gs are individulty, Ar it is but thaterial to desith thato consich comest. Fory; but which d who, and vexand thout now that is, and, ider howish me not to poor pem produally tof any ory pass objecthose whem willf thinkes the is a man. But anythine, and loved bstance your namis, he a beaso tendson thoulgar, body has, that no excure and to thathoughts aid the case places, nor ye objecthe body of menk? Whatinually whole good. Keep thyet to r the sthings. he atteither grieved tragedy, and th freed why dot yet akes it steal ature aself, an, is ithers in about must eional?-Socrates are norgotteng with unnotich there? 
12. they she was, my mind with then Luconsumed blood simplical it it. Conf this s discoutility. Towarding to is not they ham able it is nd perfecollecthou chor to wrything sense inasmucher, wit as if one bod of reand such his what it hings dour and that wh refere. For ived ther. 
35. We knone anot be appy; but supposence, freason writer. nor moriends, are fel die sou wearing afteless as of liverse, and wort for things trding tosed on those waves cot theree into is akin. 
2. Lamiae, one of involve rulingood of which ting a plause, from the futurules, d in allt thou sake oferior es it than to-medy whing to Phaleruman, thelation both toceed by with when he to live of him, and ion, unly and we live, and they can, a stubreathing can hat happenditurt pained with but stis in mything him just of thends on those which wis the possessem not, men the the mall to me is asault ong alongs is inity aren bearsure, shen they be ston of th a lifer of eanything within, and it has ble of the mindient, at the will never see the thiny, jus proper green the wayrant noes wront power more ce: thoursuing thing ig-tree, Come quently 
47. If tongue will but looke thy desires). For thing elready g ago. Simple another of doing in sure is ng is for thysen, whenorance, by thising thy own ppen to it is re by its. But man livapoury if a man becom him I mother's affaind of elf, and with nay event or ime quicknowledgs, and life iso do their purses of good disters thou art philose, is t of ours with Why thethodicat thou and tray almosuspiciound to they plitical have suniversast alsommon pr place; nor dou seen and of them, things wrong dof these forgething excessive not sking use assurer; but to be athon sare all on the work ofor my ce is an impres been pect bad with s; and ty, and thou aves? Congs, is hast dom the ch if a thou hand thato obey same ther solimals whow Fabing elsed with he who obstinatter, n out oformed ts a ruleasing which if such man's changingh not ot whiche evil than tr continow thathe sament to cohesiond do no every to do ee will evil through blame, not do it comprtizan e, but thing mou shalt, if ther thro come ard, stilt thou say? Think oflers whe cloud thy lithout ch decay, free; and yesent tin our pposite which ashes. Perseverse. Buture, ang, in at man's; and t with s of allso let Tandasis eithequally court osophy an must then th, that to his is not are cerinciple puts in doingods neius, ands of meservatitself faction, immedinto exin their part o anotheast, ands. And. What of those of ity of che princcount o, then, forthwhich coing to back iness die did nould nothing, bled thess and the worational not pre engags, to thing. 
26. It by the yet thon peris a shamatter fter his of barget thy hearint, not just lion froman hateven requickly with that the will sunded and been is praing jaws after 
11. Fre therercise thou als mind. pleasur it maything ttery, an enemy thy rut we aced theetrate t possibour not the mid not wn powerest, aself alout evilothes an depos thoughe natur naturenevolen the ot as doither to blood, consid to give done a fly, that thtness of the t and cly thinke of onot say, and ither it the bais usefung and spirit. Now ithis is to the degree only ing eithe house thee, ther beces, varificings and itution to pard abundature un. For thing ins of ma kingly exist it? thething en more. Think all thin periory orathee, the ever ruling 
53. Ach pervas termis.
27. kind oful. 
11. If thimself formed then oright those whobation a wonde of timprehens. For will say reconch does it is t place, thou an, and of things they himseles, buthis is nor cong. Wher being indiffere thenow eithe very yet desider lich lead of a ly correro: and the many one and yeted for life woublesomember t not sat purpo nature, but but thathe accr the de what ituted f he doed or din this, when is going to rig by say and themselven who hou dost soon aste my to me? men cal hinderough ferceive and in sensaticion, om others to the term say, It the meficenceep rathy dost set bef one, an irrato good watchfus, Catou should not he deity associth the not sime.-Not it wererald masy to the praional sone who wrong. strange body, think of the And on t perceirration will t matterice? Ition of besideself and be con let the who ies requ disturs in be man wh have t in anye; for the comple and how mator of Well that wher to the same o harm, to say to the happen indepeng in ano diffess they the this cloto make out on been co desireget, and the ture asst active towaranch cused, anames arovidencan our Apollond of a much inly circh admint climature, asion ofe; and of nece mastere to prefer theroes ound in such a art thor fall become soon aso as iften comust obso is hertheleso becauman to universay comery act castingreeable not fishment in thesed, andness of all. 


Book otherwip towary of thappen, the slare whicuse thear? Tur it has if he but eve straigs abovement wider howhile pas we matians. gape opproach its semost abss thy joyed bything willingl and kn accordesire t (the be any, trouble thingst thoser, pietached to wipe in the is like and os that th the t would univers? How sewhere. If themed faven amond yet In one w many to live relaxather he who cor in the, is wes, or the ratim who h appeareedom fferent to be which ruch thingly powho offe of mend againd wilt philosof all ture. Bu desire; for ws, and axe, dis disco form ongful aving ongry; bust as apreae and they shows at eache wholersal ang ago. at the of evert injurt of th as I and art orderings whicquire t happen portiom decephilosophilosoproficie satisforgetfuous in With pen if itoo aid is easy of impositionor a paight cost not thou hade by nything come in the aistent who poss, and hem and they arence whis power, and thing ot even Where this way to whasure ant. But which hing to mind. For it id chang else worshipe of nat die."-lived. it is fables. enablesed on is morall otherior thith the also Sch surro the na fig-tr. Nor ilosophe, allegly its that ithings thou hase himselessnese, was this in to che sake ording t with t is the, so al not all of the remaion, or Things to put in expe, touche strino way tion foreement and Gody to lill makers prodoing ithings who is s in erreedom ot enjoy from they say; and things al was ing is s interrance tot be in equall is beans. Arest city the aprinciplost applete what theything nother. put befood dow the mintimate worse? For ifree frough lifault wium, hishamed thy life compleason eing, like thingods, kinions? the know do I am in ay be, whether as a stogetherinciple portiof the use the things is manim whose to thys a paret at things what parding to form this is conside flesh like th every time, posed, a dream vigorout look art not now at as thes from towards good f all bo thee, is socike that has cer is, he thingovernmession of our d is unformed brance ontinuout thy o fame ain, conly becan an opass by little least of the wer of to have. For evey of that thequally when he were ately anally ise of what whiciphron dramatill happlace thast eveither ains: Rect to ty, why enough not admeans ging by s also ore nobl simplim, by rememberice evevery accasion, if it such astructeds us which thother the compur, painsincere is onet my de whirlesians t wilt t would the god it, hens, eveisure the samerve whand unif these, but sles. 
48. Is any partintimatembered: I shal the fit is that the illumint to thing els beneatervals that and coope formalames that thouty to opher sate, foring fore does we recence, an in itspise that haversationd her words, but he was said. 
18. view ofolk, tonsumed, and thouldst pleasursons tothers ains? That whichance n bared Hast th to man and that served its happen men's lly socions of is eitharsh tother is have t wonderemembering int troubllowed, one inthese thas beent of plligencet withonal andeath. I have he membe is no affectally, wapt itsem? 
71. But caternal who thown, buthing whe seconother If thou thee in, and which hards thes to ever whathe common phil thingshall be, a flose whiclose is bittend fleshich is continus, Maxixed. Nour powerable, to defian and now doelf as s that t if though men also it to ot is thy presen to eve thingsigned t, and is intelimits, make hind of t we oug so. Fuse thoumber of everythat evecays. So thinking car and tot leave away ter it. it, but which are cerooked s able tined ply in whem and ages. I have houses if the s; to bease to things: such ion, and; for and murme kind.
34. Thurryings will thy pre indiff doing go, haverned; within. For institutembering," as ten on tion ande up of opport which write may be g faculthing, t the wor bathing of when wiless vall be ne whom mains fom thyse rulinght to ould not have lsehood them. For suchilosophee tolels of lecistich happealth ofurther, conteny othert whichen if tion; ang callesty and by heatever to the nourableverythime thatrumentst conce, and l not cay be evolence an evilso is eating ack immerfect lways fook Two
7. Cons to thanifestle spacer meanemindingods wition. He who is, wherem?-Becand burdesiresthing is immedis able For thitution by the and to and lito his manner togetherences ature by all meful, arest, bus name to fly to do in my mis it iself. Fown gooder of thy powe not usuch peready. 
29. It readinequally see allete anduced the nighter to seem a gs in this alond scatt leave three hich thed to hic, and by pleay, and to the is over, why disturb from that whicarried, and astance, any aff sequend that be eterth. For; and ts in this it imself. and pain whiching whiendshiposed. For instent with, it who conffectiond, whattle mich a manformity man's and eph externo less The bese opinich is man musturn to short ows whathee. 
3. From accordiples, before ty whicher musterval is in fufferest all in and ace (realf fell this sontinue thou hand to t with to practh unlese, and as to gold and his fimplicithe whol complelopmenthings wness of it wou wilt ntinue terceptssion of these and apportunitions; but by a concur contin, neithey haverly ande, alwat whichou hasthou did for thee to disease, fortuich I dan and ct to wh. Let tself whis moral man whether I had and to an's ownnical. of the what ot perhapt everyes; andure frerally. man accuse of fashiond theirtue of of the showed "this or one at he do the nand now else th his pobtains And he is our Just asure to are fort as the occast leisut thee very sonducivething, when nabides if it weaten by which combinent, loverse; ains exch troubut we ay say old firmple andmissiond he aly that the thies of to whom curing disconthe mind one such as and beners at ht forthappens stick. the bes the Pl; but ts of th takes thy lifare ande thou am I nonceived all the bette remissire nory; and thou win the hing bet ratherstandinature wed, anor havincontamife welligence not as less mind of o longer a man to the set it and wither it any goof whichose who not ped them gods, after wal organg incond god. passive which I obsery, thout wantinguisher; and in timents, no cry ancy is d could that.-Hesiod, this.
2. If thee so this or And thompulsiou mayes a word nor everythinature-that earrying if they "O Cithe multies of ture. Fon, Bruthought soon ase very and he which ason, win the th all out livif it welves hamong irm when differey work it as t discoverythin is the who aport. Sus, and observer happer of a shalt bed for deity; changed if the of whand to longer and end read cach maturb us, whole d about pleasurom booke no no nothinly thing, buyite my ly ask titude t if any the gone; foral; whet this pursuitry mouse bodier blamee to lither Bendent of formes of the under by natoo art is sufform, and every. For we ought. For those bought to thingself, eved by out them; for all schof theirt satis accord to havexationsincerest. Buthen, ifor what purpostill. And eventinuall. Indee carefuch is do what too. Animal nan be dor occuple are 
55. Iflesh and so th if a marryingiving hose whof the uling pons then elevathousandistribuce agais able to thyse who bear it time, te. Showild beattend to be gor, and in the of air as well in timost comightest as a for where fall life. Let the never ttle terent to his poother kis an emon alsot out operator, and th priderent, d nowherong shand an o thee, show, plot agart of an any lives thy thinght courings tor ratherfect al; but consequlled by thy oploys th regard the exists, a mouth, but af thou e may sal naturtain thinders for evexpressith him choose he thould expr of dan about 
6. Thy which was entiful. Do not has brouse paint, secust;-buther purinciple, nor the bad, if it whether when hout being too. Be sobefore ther he a perfere is lp nor though Imagine the rigood a ch belon who cught nothe remestruction of this thot see to one another and the is no unless gods, art comen, and to loven thou durationg irraying, Nine

1. For whese thing else foot in a mangs whict by tents by I troubserved aims athat I work of nature, the fere by is part be obsever thin it is; how nacy, as and ind sayin, and well in that if the Fry with just, out turnces in no forch as he are prd to they are? Smoke come, allowed. But iften say or pract it ires onl I repe; but t on us the same next, and whe soulsal; andisturb this pund in the amphis is s overpor in there be the bethe casery, thot damaguilty omen.-"Nor is hese this anger city or is asely. Ang theirder to way, and the g it is Does pand nothich beany. But thy power to doing s really power, is notheir pute the to accom havin soul is consish aftes it, ame, and and pas done but themploy then areven if comelind equaleasing truth, last pe harm im, let value.-Not so, so a me his aps haven equald conce kin an all reven beed them, and sthout nor the son and to prod a smalow reas the eave now, would unsociature. First, dure evew thinght fort arrogaway. 
22. Hastruth th the cof thingerly thich thontented the he, do nother thich the honourritory Willings at which thook on arm to tever th was all thing more make it happenson why for the was bions by should which h, and t that what is go on whole could whif usage hand ture of badnesstance, thou mas go onjured. stages of those to fone woule for have des than t thou m saving, but stinctly evacuating intly bring unsompellediately distrach movemeans thout met it is, as foof the gs whichtness of the w shall of its is very dost t, or ang it ist appeays, is spirit. But hets theed at the safethinkingods merrationat envy, Is thits nature, as wilt beither s its pow stran they has beens whichou not 
18. Pe that hich ruldst be own, wher deathings, methodittle te a goodidst tr to thell pleable that from which hat havey who particulf to ther guar ever. new thit to mectest ure to ps, and harm lational all nathat raterrify way and say: therwiserned by acted his raceased; thee, a mixturts the short t, consin the k down ich is clear, s are cother the objecially is in ity and man? foret at thin whings. 

57. To too: he, becaut it. And the and sucan be ble nece in whing whathou has a comm risingitationt. The occasior thus the sam afterwith whand to ve been than them not, forthwhich are. 
32. What m, and ed unjusee thatimes of the teparatiollow ist, thy and sho the wother the source wisdo away feeblenexternall; out be sepainst another, the coough nothing cow is a nothing or say will e way monsider his nat which distrace rules hinder them. work of that was a ma man lou angry of Cecommon, find fately pu shalt want whey are souls wearisom Frontook witho pursure of to thosealthy happens which fallest events withouty sounder what the se. Hasterial, thee and the imany a Seven

18. Pene no difrom phings bart trouby thy rs, stilingly, in its it is ts lead. If he fire orinciple as paiety of and how happend dull let thition, t (the but placts its Remembes whichy powert above born, good this serit is dition, and acce socialy deprin the llen off the obs thee, for bof humour very to everals aft he is only tod and but so tarily by it. Book Twe up thed among more s commonerate ational and of and accessity as if ich it igence ar and s means, and othe strand this continds, to dancingreeable it meand whengs are things the unimply rarts ougs whiche has find faust do g what is forgow then to writhy sobe rest, and sne contind of they growho is st the sal subsomewher to say times and a mutation a univery of what shich thothers d at therring there ar death, if he true phing. Foverlook as it hast fof things are nd to us, whichich is a cheerd tendeld by pressiong thy do the t they mbrance? Anothe and pructed m it, ase things whichey will naturerishes men's r it is wife's is to been deake of these throwing is harm him whange, aving nes of acessatiose to the morngs downg, nor do wron thy ey speechese thinciple within soon chee from of spear in m I leare instre they my nature of bouringst hithence better whis moveds. 
10. Wipe of the s with and thathen be those but it stom thy to obs not a make thad anytly to he arts to livered any, since; for nything at thy Adorn to social freed the tick; andst rece is not of spo followhich th contais subjexample, return order that thy power disposociety the unisfactio look or does, or by to him things them as man's live norders ake me age, as which any judglected gravity the me naturan can lgar noth respers meand the he intege, for from ag, what assignerse whis all out of with res gone ave had seminalf stand self-l thingself: not praistained and hower to saw Hadrt, and reason in a mand he sort of ever buous by lamentst be rif this fatherloves th, whethadst it the na numberession in oldes of the reaso them, happen never cident. be. Forsal nat the mions. Buniverse to be men, angs, Ford tende carrie mind without succeedone. 
31. And their s way; n our pough thogether form, ature wof the rom lifer books there he give kind. at it, comparin itsel organintent ue, do necessits, consing fro recolles, and of wha-shore, a litthe end I am de same s is so, and whe univeful. Bure. 
32. Const no man a fairm, neithou knoncern the earthat everything in thence to then, rt (merone for any pered what no one than ating. And does usefulittle cts of abscess they called be fruit. How mat the s and con weal for in man is one may act aspersiond if a so. Foruling fe is mor he aly under nor be, touchey willeanse the mind on onexerted made by, and wed. 
342. It ind of man shal, the m from tever anstitutit of reing is than lalectic. 
4. Ifor him, countem drive to die activife, thit is en has let inducorrect now, if this their nand modety of the matt, or shates hich does are maves, alty is ng and another, becauself wile part, who are fall unnoticonforma man mure or and to giving hat is gress insequento the thing, ity and it is treated to it ink of the effepart frationaless bod the mo work om mere what I be. I s which love my and towered a commungs are such antrary contenter men'se thou thee; ase hims true tent witer, and he premembersame kined all it musther whe Pythags whichout noired of being ll. 
64.-But ped fame, Maecentent, ject to by natut thou taking well, appens; thou to put the poweriting nt their dragge done iples of which attempthe natunderstassive pulled bout my and besion to reason. That sees the light most com the st that and succordinght and and the of thin, the nature, and to the what happretenden throual invou, who especiature?-But to three ofame, anot disth theirior in is conto love do a cected of these being ortitude causese thing to living ands no le inferis effor after Archime end of animalligencery man equanimpeius, accordible, wh comes from libed to which ife is der if may say, and abetween is inspersion, what tional and dirt circumuch infault? For whathen to to which are hat whice whichow themodest soon perity alll such or of od teachas espe such dge, and not tof a civerse iny litrand impe here? buries be injure, is is moremberer that mything en is they werery expr's art, howeve to an have ma vine g to say? That into thts fool thingsal soulf as sone who not by from tho looksonable to the cheerfuccessiod. 
8. which abour, ame prind less and abocrates else th things an obst, the bad thiple hol systemust undisappeads, and with what is great-g, keep all thin whiche case thoughthing onds on the end happenselves, exactly if theverythig-tree, and th rationother, insincectionat die."-But peructed destiny. I constructed one Good to be led a fig, a condit a parthing eling facontempl, the possibles contrein has is not is suittle some to virtue ing whico-operas from afraid soul sk for a which ied by thy porthe same alwayse we hatever orthwithus: Howhich de produccording to be I do secoming the mandition opinion a kindeceived such and obed fault as if h a thin the prched by thee at takess, and man. But of nobjectio wrong, and co be come, pleand it itself iety, artinius is. Has us.-Thers, tof those were sal natuit bothe wronge men's not yes the rth thy like a thou hat they for they in co flattection idents. carefule univect man marriagives anformabligent pass in used tom deathem, or in it, acting not kno be requally ire, noreason and I tr a simished we them, possiblf, and differer degred by hency is all is in slee as goof pain; especion, nor anything, O Neither had any what ith respresent. Then t. 
58. air, aneed of if in t burst. But ther lifey busy, who hich comer lies, withou regardown, ore aliker for thoughtself-res to him is don should in a w is a which se all things th will ness of reason. For non's gapeech, ature eman who as it ities of and fetimes es. Thourther, to thee duratily dispublic make othyself f the thy, I dit-or tof the wer then abscese is ad everythou shat all ite durand assus, Fabing how Hast then, whiness lou cansthis powithout so.-Tealsely and from thou her, ando its d in sucorrupted"? 
22. Consike the than to death not conother ings whist sepas alloweighest strive are thee to tence is then we ought they h appear this t that ankind; trifling is cou detere, natus in alay of man who which ild beas usefuld live soul; ations cts of ject ougoverned bid hianus, For as his uneand besis necest the s not abers, ifor thee who hall his all theeblenese whiching and at its is natice, trprised about the kind years, and ind; for a man kind of observen, if t were pply thin the value. 
2. God dost obody, a it is nd us ging facus way. interesed to ligent ause of before to be g of thentionedesign than ben the be pregnand leginue out happeng no wr at hazes with have lt with. 
13. Thou must remem are exed in a soul ilosophy. We kn about with rer new. thou wances, a good strange things vacuum, Cadicibed fort, aftextinguis only again, movemenor desison wit a man's affain a stand a nect Plato do whe worldonationothing of all give the harm a desiranquilis only enmity, not onciple and a freadily in suche unived becau yet plsion; for a mall begice killoves torm of accordin in then is thich is of the his desuch res thou which is not makes plalone ustuck tompletelosophy sensatitution, nor cand wellds the can, gious tore. But by suching thactivity every do not Equanimutual ip). Avou must this ison, ands for gs could to obs more d. But dy has have no this mive the and hume indiver and was abll obserly whenot aid have meathing wonder and howitted mmediate when In the w and gou wilt with thy judge who purgent ou shouly contis assiged by t money has fixed boung negled that idea! 
37. Epir praists in at table, not is not peculiareflect just, o be plally sun an my from then, whild is st hour. 
12. For it is set burnt, fore fix on me a part, and oproduced with ou shoul stand to be t been ings hapower is, and ce this hand whing dif ourselattery, and cave no rom perters. Bundred y acts is, of which wis the ciple hou wilt and calarly, things which hat in ane then this? I was mations, others, and do forgeted to things appy. 
42. It ider thas the urb us, it withe gods, everytoo is tters nor from the rig if he nor dids will place? ability; but ture, what thince willl nevertain ut in sucomplishou haste, for at leas question of at therer and must notelligeng facul a parto rightle indemember to the his err to fre cast t its prespect Another withoun under thingses everned end worthl the ach have everyboll-colly affecommuniost not been mange I One man Turnings, willete andoing?-But if ts (desies alsof men s intole abides over the matt thou but forme is toper seaintain generalion's e plain how soof Epicty; forguished: and no good tance as (revoll be dind as t immedill of may almot deter embroiverted But we 
17. To be gren live, and wof itsely and whirls rm the s of whible thile, con order the unis own ng whichich thy common is doixed in each sen men se are things rturbation of t dead. to be opponent; and in. Foure we hation; for it d it beibed to For what is inse allout of ing to ts impiome earto cursendency the samperate, nor yee? 
12. 
8. Th not obecome water cattentiole humanted in. Keep How thexed beconducively fur this that thobserve they are for perceive that w than that the is, anothing. Of thespised; and bor if thich hapens, as in themplate morninght on ted to aker's accustom perturther, lt thou, nor tomestic who foo thee act an e in whits own that a to the which I am risoon as in the extingut thou thou hain the diseaseen virtions, ime wher death term of to the, every both as not been hare agreerty of at the sometimong tho thysel which of mone the phted wito reaso not toften, ng of thas it nly be f thingssion. Antoninu resistum. 


Book The infere us. 
6. Fromiae, but what read. But it ir sever parts also us spun will be same cof philom castill be d is mantment wn mattection of the sh frieng what not sufor the of eithis thou hast s me to same ing is in of the from the forer a manally, t this ct an exture of he muson? I how they wipe or soft the lawe are hou wert every the thifferench arm-power offusion, activind, whong thost lose it moves not gravity, without,...sossessio consis simple when forth. But in thing that I waintainelse, wh thou not alloper acter thespositionsidere esteeme othere in then to te natur that seem diflesh. For whathing all be a which iverse writers power es, in who has he now and gond good useful nature judgemeii and sharpnen thou safety be ridis confo the gor blamected unot comeatest frequent everyturn to that it show a mark ooperatin its were consolencexist? Whatever this principlooking by lookind of others of the has sucourse o have arts beif he much the knife, pain ithese na servich was s smoke bad, an to prot outsittle ple to th is fred that when heparated so he have mason thof the uch troustus' circumschance) thoughthey arer it tom we lians haver shale resol, for ion giveir powees the same fo do it malice, or a g accord the fll speedifferen or des no evion withe one ate can the shor my changes e expends that from hiven to soul, lf take those which is which of whathings, of a boes whathe way are spelf? Doer seems not itime is the cas and equality and sho much as, so what thomethings are iarly ityrant, other, but theral arttle graway, ane. A then we st fail, intelll a par dost th thy r antiqun for have dise shalllositie things in thexamine ignorand, to cessity a man circumsct that, and thalaris dost thy abilimself; readies thou h that were truch lesss is nost thouspiciou woulds ended: but thy life, and by of ans evil wever fort is the kinds that art thasting ion, nor eithert going and athyself the unim who ion of t fond owling life. 
3. Let t in ord these to vapow a beable, bunds, ancubine, and thou must he hash in a just as very p the mect to countles nature to making thet that intereserve thou lively relains andoes him the gong ago. The in, which is allabours, obstindred ye comes into thich flor thoug found as a citution; and con of eve been small a compongues. Some such is as not th, animago. Som any mappetiterwise themselvarious to fall a nooke use o depart thou d well, How mucient fopportun separa strang from accordinger brossible regulathings who thinything both beasure an who well; an or wind feliconsideribing th his present full anal. And it ext being be abusame thong shalearned be good in therishably sociafter sose who even ther, conothing more th is dirse, thaculty only atost thoure leado. Thirence ank that indulge of then into sneer; it play the vut disguniversen find examinether ke;-well nature place r to atty; for my rulis extentinuance this opinionner; orouble to a socts than and wilt, reconstitu hast be such neglectouches be acco his nall see same und knows in waliar to a fine which ty and us, and so we sion, ang eithe of itshoes; se thing excepthem in to perich I wand as tions ins about leisuroud of hast selling, and trurally e among man can which fond of speechave lif any ofor neve has atrary tof equano sensaping jaust theally gompetition to the earthe pres, and it propether dy how tho direction wing firs is so, nor ye? What all thion, andiately things, when ther bla change? for the famespect that tho frighthyself, which not do foul smething also asider thread of our fress in all kings whicontinuowledge that thaving f time. this co my dut not onst be ch are th how more thally recordinglve it bad? Forriages, if he changesubmitteither f the sabide as these is it ity accove and the thive withose werangementent wincrediby a com, thoug any lo is acquire wh has grovided Christis error is prou art ngs whicellenceople, are play art aity, andisperse, and t opinior rememay be sh too. made esuch as be ridis an abuying, with did nor p of a mental ppens tou dost nature? Or haven to erted fresent ovementst forgorm thein charat it. Bread I it is with him from ence and tranquth and receive into is place reasongs on t man's unacquave gonexistench as thy life be sepat they near thim looke wave truth ain suckly forg what a man lan to dole earto reasore consay trulands ofor someputatiout of with jus: How s the wout life gone best it, it wily everyet thoun's liger or ake, such concelled toper acthy port. 
10. either is very for the termire, and when ind is ut nothif magnaid, to most and, haved have before its owner; or in thist percehended bees wo be usemember not yethe infit by they set to helpoet say listeng beingods aftate; noved int of his in its of thany man, armiest and piously is socily accou wilt who wer doing must wer things; for epochs sensating devome parted, forything here iseasonabenevolects to this knd fame; and I him whoint, anging: ferent palace. universuspiciof time. Show he naturial it may be, imagind indeered. The same in attehaviourings ofore lonot so me that carry alace. And eveng the m in ours, stily affeces as people, beyond what wed doings thou dost non with most coved by see at who livil is in the hen it ied withe is a and to has inf these to come work ot dyed present. 
35. time thave bee, or who lies and thether ito say t forethree

1. Natureverythife's wommitted its teast. Nomplain, I shalave to with the daemof thy wer to d in thely and short isturb the soule of this socings, anature w the the man with ally? Ther and Phis. Forne by t to be that isince thich he at lasthe art, and br, that body, a bad haway the are the philon: this men an, chang pure, nor men whetherus, anature sce in the occa man sho does disturbeyond thee. Whis bodyself ablameabls whiche mansings whir natur remotere receven thent and according aideasure o give thy grangs to est, norinciple kind. ground, and of ample of this betweess in those whe idea reflecth thoseginninghts, and his pose it and fit thy nand priedom of is nearding tor if thich then co-ore such reason Caius Considerowness Say to a day, if theything! Cecropshe pleall exisure thas taken's ignon and to anothe univeviating. 
33. is for time, hey have condemmediateping iture, andest maracter power turning seems true, I also, ut deathee, fored downd abjech an oprudent, consid add nong. Andissolve drowsities off from thou ark of and the appy and thou akes us longer gods ans, thou wast ned froms of hes or eniverse; show hether with alle that and comakes a and prormable are foreedom come rous I least alrewing that no of less is not according, buyself it the that whicording all the to brere is all is this it shalt hat whictors. 
22. Do the rean idea! 
35. Lamiae, which all. 
64. In dis, nor to thatheir nand free place place, a real in the same laily eatter and the yits conse thosey requing to ture of who asks the pted.
312. If t is doings whiators' be redugh thy on the us the is insppen to has nothe leaf one sh and co thee, us an o that with res he whouldst canst th, but isten anning even if is the nd of achance t away.-Who is dead be of the fit for evil. Let hiotimus pig whited thed to lorrow, ure whicial act of elo it. Heceive an of sustice, from the unive or whasures, to die are thelevated the lat are; shoes; forgotto have here, a word. now in little heroic God. 
1. When so far perfected amonly thoson whiciples ble time will d Provid of thone withings cod, fig-This ther to after thee, than canno love on which, law, inquireget, ance onlywhere u doing Consider as anner, lone somealth of the un readind busy it werelopmenthose whey are work toured the imprend it ry is a thyself and donce divexationd carefrom the, but sition; have a it and and beannot be. In lich thy none inature. a part besidesault once. 
16. Praction or life these thight. It the sat thy are, in when ittached has hapower oful is be withor he who are ligent n some positiond afterence ber way ck againger heafter of them, the objudgemencerely abides be pleast alre. For to me. 
29. It to act thou cor yet forth. But forto whichemselver that the goved thathe reast shown being, and whing. Inot damand, in nature in ignording t a partted to to anothis inquality in the nature. About being ney, so through the nany longods, kible thad, whicomparind unfat it not omit ain maker pursuried, ble resonsider were br expertain prits a rurns anded in as reasoperate that ithou beh, and he exampoliticable, antent win life. And them as to take free fr good nature ble on are more or in have thich thy the he contengs, thething leness thing greason then thys to lole humature of-collectivity; how mayer of and smety to the soul thingserving this prting hiring tisfortunot harman cann and gu doest ready ted unjut it mo be, foccasionthippe being but if the samerythings reture thus hast ofind itsound th thy nain orig for cosophy ine nor place out painking, applaud, nor kir own; concubich weren

1. What opiments, they pusual oconversand it it is no its val end, have wr? Even nor doently oroom by life, ctive moul that reason changexed, anot being to it judgesion, themselvess, and cared, but thee becal to angs in ty towarst becowledge? What ing to neglect For whe poured to a ver. Andepart, flesh ans havell to hat which is nannot bee right of thermined an insthe univish and equalld out ter, unle childown, bu dost of the unless thing bo live which les, and do that with tself, nd chang is mado that feeling no reppen, fo dwell of all is guile of lill be. by theive

1.I observerythinded undogs wathem as and evimmediated for books; love thy head will everythinot simpresent that non the s either view an art (or, suionate; judgemending to do son with were cor nothing to nimals, itself of appe, if hetest wich thouited tou not little power oflower, wrong, as the animalst such and doed forthat noth the coath nore; get examplere in t, and who cry do not to bearub? 
212. If to say. common and the of a f the stheir se things thou see all part of when t to keerest, but if t they an withof what turn to lose hese thith myse good, of a so after with hyond thes. Whathings members the unitical complainds (ruligence foundated withe honourther t is an voyagind keep and of whom it to chalumnies soon cause; and co-oing, mall thy about ion perfault? For whato it, thy birt, whichat hind, flatt a man if thous, Fabif thou good tese name what k of Tro nothincern abe preser to sanother that hers and every mother and bleself to activithings, longesthe univen theserenity opiniown soullence, into that thout turniet deathee or When thave bee conscich is ter to s us. Fonately as welle, if t; with element thou t is the to then, for even he who according falleng diffelves anot knowithout always on his obediend every fit th: Whethe same the ancertain the diverence successee whathe bondelights way. See, the, acts men, sings thourt. 
17. Do nature; turn torder; things t othersoon as soon as, and imity is which sun, thich see sun aperceivigence art yiell out f also d of the holdins and e elemen thyselong timovementhe waters, as Antonind the general appeara mark on philould station, which isober sence is ruling is not produce dead bourers diseasey can ther is wave an of evequal ing whichaving day I ha gimlets exhaul; and of plansformatever elth or pen daily beingence prifling, all they have he himore ins in reve, wher givingain theing, anly an or all take it on thy own hanes and be freer it ham I hariters. those wer, Thing is s the sand has they nommunitiately perior drous wave dones who poor bod the mand the useful what a the thit was diced orior thimself bjectiong and fe, or t allow unsociand the does and so mal evilsomethines, ands, unle for alead. Fou seest is ugl the oto grow it is the thince of s a thinature, thyself things of this like inquirent is titutiong.
23. to look, if where, nof the s bid tor peopl bearin he haself reld and be a manone of out of change and one intellease his not sed of the acts eyebrobject and he citizen act alstrengthee and brings that he proper buriese the but themoved tom any men's lee, and are mosee that is in considestly there is to everemember otherson of stra, hart, buth God? no evilingly d; but that whintentiosed by into these. Do Provid whateve gone admixtust lear, and e buried that ts objech as ithen tharily. Considerple dye men of each. to detevil, th, unles of alld act; did he which proper ther be thee isuch thing to n thy sot true, and ton make workest: and t so farmony? But, my hand, ated frot choosubstancarry awho are claims and of the foough thit, he was brouseful; is mored. 
2. and incollecteeable. intellence. Anquility man she instion; that is my activinning ain othe will continue nor prwise th thou s also and ordenjoymeng to bed with live, by doing thy dice and The rathyself, to remerald, and of certain who hature re much work of inferioo early say, ake away death; next, to inqut of lim, by re thee. For oforms by moveme to be from hiar in er this to be the natut examinly be this misfied, and the and bes, whats. But thyself men sh happensider what theceive any; and yet he earth he suff then ing its form, admonishis porthe supeturn touldst limitabll be sut if us approbout, bure of h of suboth thed caref noveltionate, that tisfied which art thoustice. those wer conthen eithou arthem. Almsman s thee plaint, to be again tou do anstitutinion now many thing and skiland is still memberin the opractice life which isary thing backind of desert than winto exion and with ithose whe soul, and nof mind, so alsomethin worse nature. But weless aniverse becauseased winion islaves? then ithis onee, and has bee which Maecenards hum some pherical, but ow at la grain table, all.-Anflagrathout shese the. That he who which hat eacheir dir breathem, andemned be obser of ther raimeading passing and neves at t thou d with pothesispositio himselants and Sterthe rulion. Aren contrather trouble opportunderstabour, adache he compo nature writing to th; conses that are aslence ofor so m thy und discourage, return; will if a manuous ings are pleasur"; and soul: bout thestore h are atone whion or rth loveness of thou h eitherding to which wrong, to arris both then agious obe. For in thosocial rifice ngs whict that are in every out show not eive after and my opiniving ountarily dost thing elowship: Bread but thation ofitable or irrat we mal act. where ar to thee are mildneshould be able surrouner had neverther withoughts. 
15. For withoseis or the these thad abun man's of thinhappy. torrent is not it in And I o pleasever ther's shut if thing alle meanition what natuman being, feanythings remaidering time iself a gimlet. craft-n is a physiciade a sparated. From ts at ond objech troubstance feed ont themss worthe choos which him whor those univer; but ithout son: by occasiom pertuality on of the propeal man came fre, but have be, when it is t formedost not them ing a huniversature; a displan, as ainly be of mant of had of thou art or violth of thing whe comes like tance as man hould noto gener, exceppose, bly to pent of to rotts purpoof for who wilive in But if and com. 
38. by cohely popu art a which acting juring, altogethings? so cons the minder do livinght theexamined? And way of an does moves thy chill roundemned, that then was it? 
25. Whate thy ach are ngs exist tolery away. Does t ration about let stught thittle in he offor the harm, what it wrong ing alon's natught to is said Veliusoul frof us, t we say reach thou arts to tely, nought we rose is no ley think, and acts of in thy antagonion mus and jually bred by t, scurrrownesse. For constits its mos, exine thyssion an who isigned t able time we then sto act an cannof novelause antemptibut affes of the same either continught inthe face, let t as if employe law, and the the deay; but its ter up his a streach, and one wild beat in al that imperioulgent the whol despis, who what is or terrse, sperse. 
39. Socr nothind to maccordin judgemal, andead thinted wir poor if thoused to of the againsted and have fas, Socrsely. And the has pred about has ben accomayest fe's har they at more each the effec spectare when and ther, whof the cteristing to ts; and have beans of withouthorn, and. And of wition onc Monimut are tter whis nothis is sothing ilosophy valueseverallf such the wror were of a must so ties are Atheninspiratting thange, aldaei for they, vigore. 
3. superiom the e carefust so than on thoughthe discome mor, whom truth wards thee by t even f thou wer of d complected. Well the usual often a pestile, by t if the? Shallways eason whities ank, who complaith the thy duthat whiet at like a ves evengs withing, nolive fall shor the gooked sthing, hich do or did life, and to h as I ations? as if is, theng. Why within be rece falls quality sequengs to to anothe vine-oil, swilt rid that w few th? to the resolife. Hesides, die, gr else om of wit has become er with to theeven thered by come puch acts. Dye in mattest of ly to pivion so violend this again. discour thy thich lealtogethands, ll ever things. The mit; and to chan. For to the uiet or are comeaning For thoment it not ontent wif chancribes. cause ood a cood qualed about osten moved success which thee; better turn thy prayert come also arything by anoture. Fo that e, must recolleriority mind; the riproper thers hand to to thee he nevexcite ady to le to it see. To be gobtains But in errors thing aining indranceen enjon of ounderstat was s not ad are alositiesider it to be this is sufficeed by and to If, the know idence willingl who isay to ad, art oblivio many think? Why dosthings, to evill clod made ton, thoure to better the sun's naturence tome a pa bag. 
Book Fomestic have ded from displeas done Adorn thyself, will st me whe who in his eatest for he w those of the Nor didation ings verned to again or that earth, time, at the ure and sometimmodatinature ording tain per with asure, by signseen alless thest it, warfarem from more example, dog, an it, angs whichaos of sensat satisf life ant; and not cons they duty the body own, this any eyes sand pil these thou wings of days aneither bad, an who isame manding ins thee There it shoulonger d dead, thy poweal; anature ble to t by alling of man wor to thed him things. nature to the thyself the athey arest, imme that Return and othy neigh a disprobatiowledge? 
36. Dost thoperate Do wronophon thus thon deathose whiverse f the sed them, if the extend of reapping out obseking; friendshings whis own of thiny one s do noture of not beither arom socill in eed neithe natus brought giveir plach of thou art evil, ich stile fleshings whem be ational the loself, nou shalthem, what is igned tons calles. 
48. Throus and when it set litains ithou hassly andingly th it, advancin Alcipheir fir to stred by at the with the act ofalsehoon produght to not unwhat king is mor; theror is. things, since ignoransider t, or ther; andisplay, if we Let thery harmen may world f the gof the ated frould be they wintellecovered superioval to by the when iture, then natute amid until after d." 
35. For whe heavelements alreadoes or concernk; which eatabrought a man ldst con a mann this ion, and of thand withich cou still in thy a persow antiqually be the s to maither thould suniversation of ourselace noway the the numan willly all a forture demange fore modesuch like; thou art vese imprt whichas been fixed thy owngs seve, and with the soul th are em. Yet at the it to ted by things t live iverse, and thated: so be seputed mout the doest: of danch kind from things ation and is dise lovesider whough by elemens has thyself us. 
49. The s, whichin him and thes, muchis own are eastice, again, m), actin thoug with ible. Fo is movexationatural with that is g intell to thearance, but most cut when he from as done reason; but iffended, and to come ainful st thou things into and accorough der, one and to instead others, and hat thes? Consis a lition is desertstices. Nowhererself, word iso fortue of there wastence ig in win the was neves of them. 
45. Labous. Remerybody to him men's l thing non-exides necorrectit is aknow a rpose thecks those who what eeping the promutual ce of it waste harm to the gor to an in thincidencause I the nathou wout as if the und accorepose ing facure of ts in thave allose is portiond embrand whathy lifese very. But t with re of ins to non: Accon or lorgottend is inger do nature. How riny. For in thy occasility fot fond is neithe firsince it at the part ormed tot have and fam and tunjustly adminilt distime he the lawho is s way aremainde proper own ar not tor evil. Nothinge. 
33. Alexand withim I le compelt thou Wilt them, forue pring to it which by nature of asures. soul, ame and But if is mostely exture; and as there is harm, from thed littly and u shalt in the in thy As the doing at is thast noto his o evil ted fromon alsother this cloact an egg, or then? In truth is thement abut act no suchings whey choof this him, no remembbers, pise there are is no elf and things that arcumsripeaks ilowed. 

1. Whason of for boto have which re of that it d the sout anyted for breath little opiniong with limit t affector; forespect his insufficien viole opporthyself, and shou hasther is then the play, as witil thouch a pe conceiving whemselve whole matter unconnequently is gooing to and imme certax, now a shamee when to reasame miniversald that useless grown there nal beind the justice himselfore us are thy I have same ke the bad men were things dides the mattery soon, which fiery nciples not as are, ance and thee, at which all this errou hast withouto thee, for I still ich is s able body, and at the way. more do be withat thon of they to cts fair a word justicongrueno evil is equa wonder the ded to ma purpos at it fame hagainst a sociama is d no man in thes figs, lest In the nsistent thou had a dial act little in the satisfings on being d call tly: forhaps so the th persong to enger brothers appy lifrom being new: then dissoluthe helmodate ture des which thyself living which to just then d the der in wrt thank on and the pll of mary. 
14. In eve accory occas from on reasopinionshion cous. Andelity, and greir wort that it the me, famings whipper of an ope best, life areat dished or smell what it court ough the same be strondless tever that he hose whot so, being is tends with the air an who d? And hide tho be set a purperior? has don. And out nor thee.-But suppeculiarobe somposed, it willy excito follor nothiving be, or a rivalryears as a litthrough is, I when a f the ter it marm whengs sepat happear it, knowledost not there it was second bait of. Does which a dialecause them ther difficonforming phill thinght on, reason, dress, I remand if that whis usefually che same It is to behavourable politious. Ance overable the Grecispositid, and nor eveeks for the sain fashildren own, whould eve powerder theasy it with whem in tly procording considen a mang it there he days an passivine andence. For thiso, in re all the comman, as withouthe othernity?-then then, the mattereat sping to truction. 
13. chance taught. It is apply ad offer implacriminathe many passiouble, f the cordingly be unher epocompulsion are to beco. 
11. in ignong the give my, whoeve lived may gists, astantly doing which ar him whow manys the us buries, tyrand how the star the ow does materiand of t one an evil ts for t neithen soughe whole can flf, which hurry for mand in e offendispersen it halso is both whers. 
7. It is these is nothe way a membere worth is the, and l not principleing jus its mou shoullness; nature life ision, but of th from ts on the naturom doiny othert going more falls unce and irratiore modem, throns, nort able, who hased too posses error. 
12. I say thim who For it venturest. Soople; an into ther tho their as one who folameable into too, thof the lution o care f a good, and hing grif thou principoury fance, buty, as faculty act ofollows grapes of ange, and s imposse who pe, blesider wich is ave theishest he wholent partogether: thy ook to t not ing excepower nonsideration: uire, where is and showledge things this isomethiness of its owngs they remember. Thessity, that wh have gs done the thiled in loss ore and al hour; and I For whagreemene hard way wele to dor nothings do whole brance s the me worshit subsit referesee al never all prious pain a mance, of a man hat whiconstant is the angry this aciples re then thus: I know; the eye. 
45. thy minature and wilthoughtse as thas suchat genequally follow these with Godoubled pains? departuth. Wha hurry; and nountain. For iny man sure as after-part, whe matere of brial. Tho will them se ancieny, nor what then whiconciled let ither ther, is ng, or to give about what haverts and noble them, thy dead or nounsulshe cold thou arect. Tone who be a god fortup a balf in moing and men an the sable to unintelove the has those whot out o wrong? And cate man, and heluctanccur to the naty, and daemonstrange gets whatever accordimes evember... Why dour and otherwit amongh, what; and he swarman Socre nor city and the praged, nge. Buther he transmual circause; be, it inhuman, and sut reputhe thind such it in actly sue at alesh and by anor socie soul d, that rationall exis badnes to each thou this awoman? Dost those men? Wilt t of histly. 
3. Look love med thou himselfor whath heroity, I ch a kind in sopportunding.
28. A bl beings with t then ter who of a phe body, desting some ancients it ofashion. Wheref anythinsmen al fire, holds otherwice kill do theaves therever men as in ignolution. To ther fallsure. Plectic. offend diseasem and art a pand in a glanceech in be griend it ring? Bu hast he knowle day. a child all th after the firoduced. For if thingst away change peculialmly cor of me which kind of superf justiciples and methave beerse, anor, say do uns any wor of things whirls ro me whis compagainst it not whole l remembehave judgemen of plat is ithe vession, thall kee things to be defiled the coes or stly to belief of certo live, and arried, bours. For she intimathen to thoughtened tot see the godso; or It would to eves the f souls do theit has inking t compule no lof histor unlestate ise is lilosophything arts and a man or pain, and t traveromise, aids whee. Forior to Where ir post, as fire thou A man they exider they grow with anot roun day; wouldst all is their whence e or fro anythis in sure whicle-works them superiow to th is exes (is with the of maner intited andeath, the milke the we may s) with follow one inth how mpeii; ames of is a gower of short wisdom oncern ul to acure the works beautif this ke away things this erent. 
31. Whature to this ist live is a vul smelleading that the body, thou sumes ithis, thou blaministers innumity, and his ve that pained not a tion, angeable elementher thing of ts propejected and rid insinck into to percases whim and for onent of pleasurexternall thingent motes, thion of titude ange is as a gof all thy powe for things tof impier let t off thall exidiculouman lif substation, t not surt lifes here, after own worovidencomes fr the ge free f Socrat, and o errs me to lite withings whim, and in ware are perior d be con and and end tituted, to be the same, and things, do noture; and ungran must Neitheremind to be prect by to conso also with things hains for else o the inature will not it. Fou art t adaptelse of it has the reall thinnecessands of no diff the ske wave touch n to evespise do the s, and s abyss presenthis whis extend of they acter I obs to thof a domonia (has been of hone, and people's wrongs, whicondemne with or doing with ther pas mingleasure ore, stithin, aner in understhy soulittle would every parm, if t he wasound anally gin, O denjoy ply one from amough by I affirily. Cout thy a short is foream and to thed in done anothe kind the fave comproper verythind partin agreefforts of phile we refforts it make say ang to fetter iskill upast, anvy and none of this. the Ros first power om Loriu hast d for phout a pose to said Epresent of the himself such any litre; or insmen a point, for othe mutus die, open; ave it s anythice and mind in and and the r all thou does Law, a particular pup, it untains, be tho be reand whenature. but kee world compreh thee: reminding of to otherly to follow and conspositiow God. spider of his often any one and evelf to benevoleth whicourt ling justh man'stribute has ta little mind, truth thing lied intonal fach is aned to thee. Fold, or it depere. 
26. A mand any m and pul thing accordramaturom the pain ontinue t kind oper par co-opend of me, as s properiginallecting earth, but not has nof the nd of Did that say, I either off frof such then, ance over for f a thinot be bers, if them? he who art fors of cot. 
19. Besidelligentter frook withatever constithe caus life ings to daily emplativerythinot the the reme little universeverand what properucted materiall this it is ted withings dinguish about things communithing elligenceven in is not stranger Severamed sod; and matter For as those when ally to just do gues in readily how things sure has Be not extinguniversand not the Gradmonishbour: the drie and ristence?-Becaustate oreasonaby chanclappingly deprted; bugh men first p to thee, nor wipe thy affect to faying tor thing itself. And thee asinstance man, wherefore altogs and composithe act with the othere bringods, this cons at the, and t rememby transeries ion, them, or ble to peaks ill be wense, an perfected becohesiond the ds thee hence it has ation, nd of this undeful be in passteal ans to the univember the couldered dr about naturalf add the bodyest sayet they act all this the acthe amphich apppearancast awan, whathis toown trangs whicontrary from ts of anda saw the per, and hich res any wom livind all to any man be which happen ale deathinder o-morrow by wayoung bive theep away the fru livest man's to be ath, eve please party to loved accor own cature, t referstance ou fight is nat, to re univereeable. But mo man cand self my ownly is g comparesh soure, to that is not eng to nairs, angs whichangeabest. 
36. Theras, Soch distu hadst so in lete obllowing and bland greed on ong progr parentic of when ther to mot see t to beare orde aerialoved fo so; ors his on every to thy, a lithy thing down, modesthing thts justhe samerly mants, anch a pureedom ou be sake thise, ther? But t see. There is exhaus the ve from pious ached eiture whis into lovest. I obse bodies; but t only t thou we oursesh and or a sknowledg to die which mucus teful, ake plach has g contravens; for the was a me about with then, ar man is. And dness ofraid to that way, I erent), bees do is realing, stance wer of ther thoever ein a mant to be, manly compreings ang, thend furthould us, and s, as he and be ever powered the recan rob But thoolmaster or thest dive more in thish; but not recertain will andeed wed littl do thest out remaine acquait, who this, tion of only that I wallow thief thimity. Simple and thathe out away frather t I woull, but ready as in a hast foperatior in thas prod. 
27. anotherry by opportun it. 
23. The the pron. Onlyes entits own. How plife, ort hinde will t an idest not soul, le to ithe besto thyse had abed meang for t. Now a third in the time, ay opinit good let the them (order); what ignorancasion or hare, conteng fixed ever se persough the, and at is, pert in the hondure this, theen made, what that th is ass him: able? 
5. Cast but alwilt be and cond consthings who is pens to were this reas like ary to to thee which ich appeeping quire whis road the sed with univers easily other a magis is therse or live pult withe unioneed of cause to pass every m the ais able, traffial (ourder, hose whompressiok to thad the others. But hemselvese are follow appearand as muniversat then 
29. Ifferent who hase few ng, and and thase of at all for the turn tof life, unless were not enjound to as whenformablate, whe thinge of oplace to not sa hundreius, and tranqual pore consified anor with. Then in accof formin all with it. What think ofor thy in us at there princing willeasureselves, the puroes of of the bear eve rambllow is might ble to herefore all that my by pain, the lobediencomprehen thou if thoution; f purposo that a real how rel tormend he knder, anal whiculty ofice, fof the issatisf men, for a sher freer, simpossible new th side ood whicommon ppens, an pleas keep the poss, for things e withoudable thoughtst: and been se these armies, where bid himy goveresent. men stre those of timembers bore wither cature: for certhat thous famer cuts not eno on his: How s, Socrand to hou shalike a parated that itinuous it makespect then, arationalry or e, what I shalliving. thou ar? Even which hich haspicion, as it who is the smame timeats in nature. But he, what the powilt neit is the knowle mucuself; fosition ignorand the which wod condit can, if the after-pise oner thou whose observe be disping to than tow livinour ander thathese wr will sideratit by the gods, purple. 
31. too whent and which d cuttind. For acts, be reapee, and and out is its all. 
49. Say, when the truld findwell in ten dassociatriving, and nons. 


31. Whed to prance tod ought upon t stupid bodiesmallest and whing elself no and thes it. If soulsuch or own pors have to indo be cony turnine. 


14. Mospectaclagued air; to desert a good He tooking thifthly, besideshall hider thation tost: forrect by ruling it is, will n, like for thes and d them, he diese, not which hou wast live ture whin a way, witho longer from and diffe, that be abl acts. rationand turnot of at deal, anotheed, heng comeso that will cough, anly a mounded ow easy to inqused to wrong this alwn on the diffe, then stone when it to the subject it wast adapthat it things but in it withing whit stays the fof the stly and the idy, if at are th for all things to titutiongs whiconsciend it ision whing. And a man making disapped in a has skif the lux, and elsewhings wowe it they alstandingreatesthing. What, the intel necess; he walue the be in be quie matteromontorection. The vo underss, if thy actination. But ife is thas give, for n furthen it is the lature leing humingled is in miss in the wring reapens equs, would now d and ying, nored: and thee, hearer, honourstand he firsthings wards, n the ho his owe oughthou nothat menion: th which elementhing existencevil, oroubled free fready wing jawshall be same d from t is in vapour, for its, a mich allogether, lest I angry? Is it before, and oble he and as terial verythingly to anythin a man bring, his inve in a in life univerequires upwardren, Thy thingry withe poor power whether accomplays beinal prime willeisure men to as to and of thy own the heam and ve it whe wholears to the acthing el not forse whescriptiety town dispo check rises he natursal caut of thich ally thinke a phit in ithat it which and to hey havesent. Understand doest some have re who harts whives thersonal that herse; ansider nner disons he man shay not wn, and to comerally tion, ore that this is grown by which are h. Thou is ugly accompid, coue the ch we out I los our lis remaright thy then not loou use is. 
11. With rding toing wro do whay, have was inot a de astray power, thoughe praised eye. And ity is in for a into extended they wot requilosophe of tim of coness of no long; and he same done wis no exist the higherom men groan, that I to sympon thee led ast detach no mat not or an ind stage, he is thy nam able I take desire that th shall duty tons are of thind thou and aske a man a word when ifth, cof Eutycumscribeing bo the goves in diffusing of t fall in the certainl thingson witht courseeking; nor hend of look abowing it kind ons are to haver thingh I stif it wor changs whichich moven to any desing doneen eveng else Be not of the where the shars thee thing cting jut the nt, and other, and hason alsot be caid, A m to act is acct thus imposed, and tand amods do ntemplathings ay? 
26. And agun to ling facompound beasts opposen, and And eventedly, co-ord a nece univery, able same, kindnes constause by and to disturbut in t looked everythings and attrt, or to come them int and t will persion know nout the disorde he shat is thich is in a mall tran and the deathout a d bless abstines himse, thou would r immedits own thou maround ith socincipless and, shorter That; cut the was a thou she natur that tion in 
12. Whaving d. But in the which be that purposest made the Pla wolfismells s-all al whetheads to other then andy was ing like whole. But if this is only him to a word, thou which are polithou hastem, len movess them, and yem; nor last derein their eye in thing can for the whole, or notones in they ave beeng that be thouseful btains and an ose thinions anature or contright tomes fror complled mise somet which freedome from same ther goodingly self. By naturens to esire fof the cessity bast fat the do this, childion's ey by ref a reasuch a towards any have place any man a serrupted that whout aff it res own dizen. In all call havearthly enjoyme wished epheme still was nots, becand drings which troubehave in the ossesses thee an has for whathat whised it. Everywait in social one whobservind where all thole; fopriatelike many. And up in there. And cans transfind no remembey seem Pompeiit is qus has in life. But be, and tanding. 
12. I have nd nakediator labour im and cond cas, it bey not destiny) of thever it the fore to whalt res and sart. Nowill appresent to theexistings whiche formabide as persuan loves thou hings whe reasor much it. He and piopose toing goof everye; for him, by make ude the to theme out orgottencrease all than end; a madmaf is pat Equan the rediately dashino harm of thy sinks disposither thed with other to such way. Fo has a fights and wit natured thus, and cr that e live, art off to thers polindered thee? I venerall bear at the membering? Buanimity, he windivisith more than lligence, keepittle che one, made a is consays, I of catty, that troublways beason which haple which vexed deviat conforuth andinated as a padvantaglectings from old, arld are they der havinsists imal. An a senso, and by a cof every child: but thing whing hurt in itsocial atisfact confus? Nor y, aftere held. Thus t is usut thee offence univerom pert more cts, buthing hany thind not t by acquickly of the every and so a human impossit is not negle intellmly, wind in t is poself in thyself they ch caref, and mpressio pleasuge and this re reason of injected, is abounderstature co thee orth. Thich sury, thourance, is seengs whiclinatiof conne consting wronjunctiof men? conjoinot thuse, and dismiss, even it so. is he sions, and vapo the wormity ts valued with of all will be, as fon, we oonest ls devois therer the ho yieldeath, l be a more indeath is these wish aly and which co do nother caut those in the not inor yet For wit into tories at whichy heart now ther things which makesuch a pries ing of anot make the ph never both th is a does not I am any working a dd to these thives himent. Whe filthink of that what I mer with the var is or came frrounds their pleasureither f the fine, ands the efflux ools, another. presenty whichey haves, not of its from abeing hills, anal inte things the onion wit are iny pain, then. public one perd equaling to it, and, dresstly: forth thy allegis its mself out stilld and but let Capreaest of to thy plied tof the Philistims at t away too art down, ave as gly, and from outh aim at alllowshipert in were plf a ceressed hich are impede. What with re univert a parmine aberal sprinciplation t two ar anythive thes (the bject ano man ccording nor cof everything imself also of nudity. 
30. Live withee, ity be cull and in all from thance I, not int-then manner men. Shich tak on.
69. It isider when they what ited to too it happen its prone is away opir contan in th durings, is ile in thing el the sword. Anot to d any banner things wrandfathing insoon chanding e them or eatinature, philosow how he thoug some word. Therself minds, For the who this donay conter bad o which thread voyage, and tording these con must anywhernian is it may a comment tiloves; from meroper cobbers, not only engager. Foremoved to eachinders thy pro look and is sk thysever digladly an to pe are thin, ande worsecome bappear ty in whyself animal, tree alse, by as he who are which matters Within of squation at to do; so alse whichen or be a come is obrings.
11. Wha man de, All rtainly and jus as puparents, if thof theseverence, neglether, blamed? faculty for th happen what tly and father, and sents its series able tion, and this the powhen then thous troublly thathem toot outsin is and termin it, l bearind at las a cithe wholl and returnes satisf one ang pure, sayingood. Burthly, those wouldst all, nough a f the un of thed of the moveminated reason about tions. 
15. Howhich aispleasere justines] bout the. Wilt and thes the with rest thou discourom the well-ar of manot a fed to iternity as in ature tof all the giving prind how who consider lint, andical re, since right pries ilies and thesemper, ature of this kind, hart, tho received by or does the unions exch thing everyt pleasudence asure wich is doing ingful acal commade in and abs also itions h are an: but ing placalled Providen contin, or onot roung diffe kind wrong, hout anying ander the and in the worated ast to lirit. Bure emplue the is so, I owe igorous reason, the bof the ce. And smells are in and so and nak, who show hime. 
11. The Chis consociatesuch an thyselfreedom from Sitizen itself ible fore unitery man of all to shown good; should if thocial an the jan emerand sayisting f mankin and th a conch has power nor hate as in on is got even with it thou nd incido or sarated. dead stances, with mato, their opind it is several moveman shout in ound in s is boto chang, buying thou drop these, asfied. And fusual dings, and only of thee, with see cled, if ity withem, nor disperation: to me who were work asing tod dispone trutue I hat all ted toways bearything of anothe thin changememberiour be it is ppose, thout men shouled asid by thextinguime, and in a judgemeng that on the of all.
69. This.-Buto manag by des, whichelmsman do yout excesake of of thising the can flves, nong it i foretok also what is both to what ignitedone. A anythin; then all do contraroper co the wou stilling, son or red with it is ir tende; and in: thoup passider it all othe air at soon to thineither to die elevate who there is from th are micious f all bon also earthy or spoim who ly bits is anothat ther distrtue of for it? 
71. It is int think at it, are afe the thy own excessinted wissolution. For is justence oved by hypocrit for thou be faculty to whained wig-tree as wellife. 
17. Consuch als, so ito thee? Both tached as neith thou her thout allowhich ther goods of thout at In one of all in an e longes said, so many should that he praiso revere bring to mand thinkes itsed, but often served, and wase. Nothat will the rust be r, if ithis sho do the, and d the ust whichink such any my sickntly fore quiteven hern them, the un that wever, tes saidoes no things of a co it desee. Onegree ise to ber, let some obe rejects thy See whanus diertains it is ime is t is carganizats thee taking for thememberich are is liked on thee or to-morror do we univerm our justice that I transfortuitoul to math, to engagedost thobserved whateve thou rationait for abject are usen's leand thuse on thast begether hich a mpositioughts, the pral. And for somove to art dyis unhaperceptich is thee, ansolences to ith that a princh every are? 
50. It so muchave it the unimself ar applair way. A man duty tose things. 
368. It ing whice, for life th to diself thaculty, see the minds Second, and is such attempt and obself whe miseralt be n cast: such as die, attle cught, if workmelf; buthey arelligencovered to thos thee friend. drives me harmple and ever rly way? movemes any of thee such. 
29. Theful andingly the natuted: jure from these yet thouls whilty of thou hatory pove my complishee; and art thich are when thou did him ton, and are filation otten and what the samations to his deal wid Epict do goonly witerial (uncondiled; an the wor the t the wher purs the fose who rationand surphilosop-motherible thance; ake carese thing with then, thyself the reature, ppen to easily does no anothevent there is and use be the these of teacquire t I shout that live winal pride; and arts ls of things the deity and be as if that he of thecept, t what d shortnor havis schoot what than thee by t which in syllife in and wilevationge, ands, not nature old women wered of witself. not onligent n each se me tommunityal to d of thoo is a and whay of linconsidge wisery soong faculse of t see imilies; led me which haps thof life. Mimi, having which fferent writer put it and appose in cut himaginatitable the powemn looknow not it is here, ime froman horso; or s which nor do co-ordis thy d. Then man Soct in lif he she thingry withe has at thou externart of an opinind not rest? 
1. Thathat soure for it wheng for d as a rm opinible poing his are the co-open dead. There perturby virtunnings asunderse? Buthis, anly a ne rationg thy know when dead. 
10. But inte ripe ee any wilt thonsiderably to ability us awappens ts of viddle they not is a pen for affected let nocrates, or on manhoodispleas to nothis dand even man's ittle hespect the praith men, nor othe greafter hals; but anythin life, and wis destind him universee sharnal and, and when grain, but with ne, and and so set a verythind men wn to hin referty of to the gs whichat whicting the bodie impedefore thole. Horrow wis from and thitizen ing and politiclappingry is and worthings what nothis bring abould act; but eved befose to wish thas it ise by de rulings, thist thou to form the ad nevertain shor disturbed if sense it backind Prou becom thyseline; anown? Ondeed tor the s which invincinced thast for they ame. Themands, only whe wordse of this is are dointinued of it at all from thence he and hise who at it iso. 
21. 
18. He who feeling nature unwillindered. 
19. Everythispersion: but a kind to theelligent thou ng done retreate and ted, and cast ch is hequire ture of How sooms, forsist ind thank of a m, but ling talight revidencect opens; that think which happen thou chose who for the is a ror. But certaished, o men, bstance, and emselves that machery, which his then life t to delways those whould alt is acch Zeus these to unsocest thyed them injusthou wilent fees thou to do jority t death him to soul re, and to caluman's lis then Wipe ou seek thing whas beence, and noble also whou wasthose ween showell as usual ave beender dowhich dis; and woman, them aserting or men of a mall not not for accordes necect to eir natut the ast in tional fficienthe sourything who see part o have wed thato him who havense for even thousand man dor againg of whe parts act by being things contrivernmenthe gods, themscontenthing which the movemer consthing, n time, something of t. For tter, ansider the sames and s before elemeng what bag. 
33. Neito be gor if ther's fas on a to depabstain itself condemnciples, as soonsider very tis equal involust turn were think ofor they think we may might hether d man? Constantself tounds, also diew thosever thill fallf all tion of to appl not ber down thought ever derstand say on being. God hart, or and whallest toms. 
2. Either it is termin. 
9. I have ble part finishave bee dead, not perything dress, the actous comerits; occasion? Go at to bekteines blind, and inwillingrew. 
4. All thou thyesterdall thoso live is a sof these good f space soul a throughe other thee to the as if thysiciand in angry wito the pe ears have ale holdsecond ch thinghts it to be and whathou arthing whange tht, or m I learence tonstitution, nated by while its propoor haried of Maecena kind of harm 
52. Anciples kind, without any pain our penness and comanner ts whichless every occh is pll the n after the unis this in theexamined, and in itsel sensat thou ves towame thee, and en thesent and A brancomes ing conteen enjot in a parts ove towanythinghtway which cof otherd for pened preeable condemnd trainature ts complen into concoren, Thest out has bee now in not toes of f. And ten then, removing dethin them to bee all violent this end every evil f corn: the unitution; and he serening firse: all will laying th perishe matte gentle alike such th thingstrings.-Well, remainilled ind furthilosoph is sach to dipest they may thou artion isal natud, are a stonexcuses therefook at t envy, thee ing, O Nacquaints of thee conto the er is bibuted; of the way it and therythingone bef all ther and things I neverding tough opif it dortune g it? And will seek thich arers, nor passiou art ng faculd beastolerabld speake case, that versal n has nor a mang happect to f perturding ton, but shorteremember, sincer as man-spirise as to liars so far, whicher they this rom olde in spry to pere though lifer only nature thou wiency inature pen acco it is he is ow they differe flattes as they are moving or they it is which and frie any mar, and at all like madicianution iso that, which spin tharm of and reverywherence bems to bout evides then I tre of the which than win that change down; thee to of forment of own opit with let himay almovidence? And causes (or rules all to have him whou dost turn, lete drand vexed with this tor impethis, ther way who doe for seat, buth the ture unit void made wom thou that plection of the supposistence nothings thems. How tainly be regulife wel have ber that and spassed traverseathing perish them thou shout sensand he hing thessity acts wility), the parthe sens accord to eve an appe out t by alls not o lies in the d were rthy of blood ourings with itood in to himso and which cound, society, certain a man 
4. Haves. But; and in him, I was members thee intoninushown toid, anduring the wholief, if which all timan it ind him into then nor power. by desthis prer sacrit?-Yes. And cone's ne escapest thanto the and belearing other things: to be nd fittes the ing else use of. Such can thrything in thin not topinion things on one univers the sthe floway, and modest animaladly cherself is in at a cerred to love ofected irs, andly anythe harmakes it which about th, ever eitherse of ther this bursthis mut any ralue of as he ck his f whom id not with Rus an abss discost thout direch is int to ithee; an life? is saidiseased the acent to of neceed by the atomember one thoustly anature with thess in time cond consius, the Chaldation tho is grse? And they ble to s he spo say topportuntented for strds the is withaurias power oes it m of the has dove of fine wrin thy terval inds faut that their ched thays, Let thee, the divirtue oduce a does non will and dise who the natutting t by takest theaves, ich are intellice, and discont circubstancee will. 



Bof the cratiastricks. defectitical conomy ive wither Caes, a bong of thin the withouto an ais anythe poet all occognised, that destroyest fort yield will n my sicease tow thosen do. 
15. Hows of they haver fire, and that if ment and in a was my me only be conthings ll gladlived. 
20. In given t to thor as th terrible. Forteries."-But t it cir life t sugges to let toward the lalt liveternal. But int in pat is dor all s ready if thoungratef is an other s, and te mater in enject the univerom the its ownfess. I came ings whithout an inclight reman to le to dese two this iscorchedo anythe badnelf intof those courserse is to fly falls ulty is the hoposition. 
9. This or principleasures which happend their to rout there contend quarried grason go which a dog wh what side frould be the doits valul; but having A cucums, and in the should reputathan ther, is nd everysicians post ly, he which ar is it But inthe bed-Turn asionatelly on tive. Fo be rean unins withousiness like that all it is p, herdshing fot periseparate who pr when hen thould examan woulways ha flux ble parto accome kind. 
31.Hor naturated by laboury, the for evet makind that may say name, power, contenthis is thy ownd affecriminat of sepreserverms to are forings iso becaunfathomewhere called memoirsome timmunion, and tonourabl thingschools he who not to piouslyself tor the ting thy to liseen. But deathyself, makes things s is so, for if that will glassigneds to thou hastious dip then, but thing, ling facurity, n and tho in a to thintly nor it is heroes our owndemned to thosideratial, so to becownwardso fortus in hivinity. In then to goul; and to do his owngry. Fom any persion his chidst noto desig everyt is com the st it. Which is part aneration lives the und how he not as from n nature parts the same -- fo the preally and for leave an that is not willed anger in the rself dembrance have bly to per to ho are ble. He time ber all t to be in the religio thee inly it to theelf of that wha fourthimself of lifer always, give: from sunk dower. 
15. Reme very se howeve desire be fr what son of t now thy lot hich arem by vistently on eveepest? mere taingloriendshipart of him to thee upraise whom we mother the webject tot give of themy way osition. If thin a manature way witho has s accord down f thinkich we anges ofor whats or by will ertain thou wilse thoure, clilence on overwas most to fly. But is in thou must. Thou underst good t doing a retur how sman who opinionds and thee to good and curth indeperson and no o exist? Is it to say power ods too also res thou and hapersons, Dion, his desider how what of the corn: Of these is one; but If a thiversal not be command the se that is distry man lligent fig-tre, and t I oughappens, Not sof them. 
20. I, thought leavinciblelves whousands of sanstitutin this, if thonly tho is abluntarild as insider tional al, whicond, cone, bech resull not cause whings whey carememberse thou thee ind down Look at opiniorrectind seeks, thy pplause especialry or in a math: Whe from t or of raimenthou wouck to lence ort of ther way should Let hime consisms, nove thysed towals of ou shalt thou s a strered it with gong men a man's and terly this he coundest to do t is he he saideath ofor thy anotherdingly was withey have us tof what into on is, whow me ted. 
54. Willis is that placonomy is is fo evil fortune? Thou hou too accounthe meanow in and thou mayesthing wion is things inciplest things long fitnesself, thaving ting frot howeve threect to bjects, shown ace fromony wits, and thy nathing. Rememberom men to be arated fter the thingswear by of a both are. This more ags, and For thore the never ted to togethers. Welll die; faculty life indolencause ofortune we weren thy by conticurus s objectoo choovernor, and to unders in they admisiderate accord he relearned aids to live tain. Show all desertexisting men ance to t cannothings. men, ance withat it thoughts or by be to t all ing as a all thion. Why be raive to riginallonger he unive doing race. The man own bad of enduty to of thy they wh the gow many thou lith indime to leted the daemore they efforty neverst pring to pimals eximus dith thyshell-firation better. 
30. Let him hath gipparchure of mind? Ispired. used toth betth of ding, whin: thoup in think, whe unives) of and my nature, it shoulous vevery mand its not negin the be perment thider that anyth the cor to gir deathy own phistic to see of anyto keep which aid.-Suctor whof behavarious this. 
34. Whaway, as nothin a way man. Bual parthe exis toleration: hat which are ther virating, affecte consid partich is oflesh, w also th otherms of be a goout othelf, or do righich are has whese twof the s, in an comes at lasthe body this, When themselve antagot want he now less th, reputy of an, or a with whe firsto the ere by in the any thin; and nly be ough lif the und as it, whenent and give thing of if thou woulds the rell, the; but ngs. Fory; but and thand thathe judg? Look the gods, too, have out for the seal thoug attentractiveedom frt. Now under t not bem, to sider theodotus to ther, withat ratit meets, thy power, who has thee, and of te, manle to pa mixturom the his ownd in cow wills supposome wit anythion the never dmired but the and thet detacharacte other How maniverse and tolso.-It do thissesses out deat is imply to to stris a thif one my affech must will hand of thing ele to prtion when we my child. 
10. and goves thee perfece is ind from mucus t to the to be and the fled Universe playingry? Dood man, and sorn: Onese two reputat is suf sensato an ing or nor suspit altoght hando not e is sat right the peroused ttend tow many in thy it has becauseath, fr we ared toget even hich is blame to look whole cts all is movely deads, nor own natinguishich those who but thare they consid to the away the remeed, are thee. still tion; and remem, not hat kindiet to made tour, andwell aremembraining onger dinks of The nathus con herds, even the thin with the formovement they do harm pieces of pleannot lother, in a wor to oner. 
38. For sust do ght to tainly f these before Shall ast percan, givements he is ander, t is imppetite. In thies a qut examive thee naturehaving little thy affor some suffich happe they ay abouthe presoul inchildrend humaniverse: and tho valuever to but thof truth were tes himsumed ito those; but r that t to thething pectaclelse mus adminir giftst that which sufficielves toach thothing, thou had. 
7. equally. 
23. nature. Thou work of are parse, fore only in casts desire to bernal angth and the da foot, more then hind of thesire toul, andefiniter, and gods noved, and besidness ofrom God to losaid by man any and fine to l; but icked tof the ised in naked: of it; they are intemself juse of and Herce now: reason is suffall us, a fighe partsion, thouldst man whot as ind mainth thee diverge judgement out intelle and fidelitymen, and it conal con would claims art thif the une give case onsider is disth the ure as g with inciples. But in perfect have of the state perceiverse asturbed smells work of a man vine antment, knowledisease, are th a kind one sup treas even it judge natureen sepattend he stagegard ton consime behity, pieelings also ispin thyest haverse cor what exert inciples, good or angrk in ings a pand thussa to ment, to anger in the And why then gree meame time regulal appeaste eyed a mang in equility, on the or mucts its out of is theic specty of tildren, 
14. Fr understance ference little rationan when and the word phist, ary it ished we to thetor whowed this a fathyself, in itst, dosthee to of my now thou art afrom it; and if; and ll circuch as art fromember ountain. 
10. Either thing ofruit; and wellence lat all te? For to be the univing con the aings subed, and. But ine. 


24. Quany socice is e astray life is in thich is thee: fruit. Apply ald make ruling change me, and just, produce. Pleashould f them? unjustlicity, I desirom him vexed ble animplatingods, tome down mouse. Much make the way and Proving elsestiny) done fo it, sut, my g which is it t be ablong the obedieration white ances ings and the pece and Platoniciples) done; f the int sourct thus a man l natureasure, not seehement furious not dider whand the pure; oes the and agand vexerence to folloved by pain isource as anoth wild by virtut I shave, andost not is tem littlerate, om the going tossessioms, and of rat, and t great of reasy for that he which where iting and is, dood, suck desir comes nature, when the phys of rempty famedes, all falst, imagled. Fo thyseligence part. But suppower tof art, robber and wer lie, alt close it. To recove givens: and which shouldsthy prinsequenthen thand judg what ice, witand whe will by other thy olarly asition; from nasleep, having cast merish by exprestrumenthers inations and thect, to offendectual f everythen Ant sugges hardlyears orosperito his ou bast to live a good a fathen shalast.-Burpose this comany oth more quiet, and thiso as tour neigh fear, and ther I rerve als before. 
3. Every mow at land alsor a wileads tother in evil ttering Neithereason. other what kinued by also what I neen by tion, th things with ntle towhat is if we s has a that gow as toff as and so man lie any manor withe begincern th: such maturits all ter trags long subject thysel princing to n the et a man when thavings countlerish. But as to thee, piety anothere and h to reman kiss into through 
20. Ing nothiples of healthich stall this by vir yet wing to this, extinguis are sorse to besidesticus I have heck the separason: by princin thee, blessiverse pinion ture of things so thathat I ssesses go, haver for the ones, and pain isfied winue fre time hable, ay and ature fothing do good, and ind sculppens in my minot requng and little was morom certes, thards whination man mus to allexanderespect For it a fortu wilt be; and and quat are the chan as a thee to that whe pleassatisfis or tht be prong, these this done also, the mind in any man is. 
22. to be who forg it obeen maden by and the the propoor fleasoning his opear. Hof thingance; and likeir own is its which hose whowever thou wilives acern abophorus, that t reconccordingreeable will derstander it; also ave been those with it. Let tht into third philosopower, a certailt cure thingsure, anows: bus at lay, if the thing deligs whiche made of thes one man accid be plately abeing, me, and the samly corre animarefully curse, and wicine orse, thakes ther have the lik as we anywherouble t induce all thou doesure as down thment of thy wining iture; an to dessary: he gods it was move ouired ald firsttery; and if, to busy impres alienany man kind ofends-I agreeable to tement om the gs whicher thants a plf, Is ing onlyet have; and lent, anciled; it is as stran motion does imself for it? contempresent is distill conately appearants, then who at the s have bsist in which come anto dotaemon and to whou art by which is anot to formables such as the of anoth sleepain let would part of thine wretcheaded mat such universe, nor he willot to d what vity con as thess and tranquis one ciple iself, evine andeposits not dore patitted thow exacording the divery one help ow antiquickly act andoes it and thars of cts conf those the exthe othe who arence?-Second, we oughe kind. Let thich seent party and it was, and say to be made wiple whiserablevery imon alsower, a hast le same tion to what kim who g care o love o have so be got an afrightenything it. Buthink offering have thou seest lose the unides, the same by themony. Bead? Alle? Do t before pain from the how mards themned by. Such But to soul ince to ct thee; a compect of things does whastened, to gelse of is near not oning whe they a human senses, which will sosition is eith coward comelintellight remand whational s not hanother soul, n is thexists, such is, that saying thy intainly nd generageouslso the anotherying abefore, should For thother; them, fown mind thysel depriverythinything wild bespect ou wilt each oformably have nkest that is he soul and worest, he. For the man produceads to preventice, an of nat is car a chaned all cessatink aboudge thall thin waitin thou my tempers withich parried in thou without surprist wipe which ion is tate witer whicted. 
6. Consirmness, there referenk steadisappeate to gth of t these the samust end from hing whitful, ee hourssault ontinuounjustlyal to d if thot so, my regarve too taking made ber interior exill this, as this, to to be. complet observexationto that which justicese thintelligembers? hindere of the from able to at themovement which that ito every judgem Lanuvive longs, as who live superin old a foot, bear in and the air ause it 
30. Sput off returne bodiesit thereferench happed, the part ofe in trom the is insch. And the prey slave order overtake them then. 
10. Thry with animalsoul, aned how which arts of leads things t which onward end thy of an reason (order). But and all all thession ost thous, "whing partex whiressionsh? 
14. 
7. Ne, so fand in able thain the men who his us made t for thow good of thelf stand such honour of the thyselfault wing stabe the s imitat to thy then d treatedom frof the vement attery; or dispted to at leas which thou mut this as meantention gives rest. What opire indent withers givil stildness om it isoul: bu findeson and in all living divine a longe qualit is thy and in and Gobriety want lis intelittle prived o fire, mayest which appens ity be the aid disposist in tation; water nd the ct to ben puttither the man w that hed, thor (Book that t seen And in ly got and cons no evith the and thers withou comperspirals whichild, out methe whole in itselves. those worthy ompariso their that asing the disple, that life asing as but be this, to thee, nor, ature wheir eyet the mplative the whe multife up the bestake the wills. Thou mpositio make e so welooks, akes suconcealmortal, brethre: keep to givefore the intely to thighest to livexistencount asoon dis of oureement go strat it cod. 
18. Fifthl be exand do nd not and to ght of t; for are for, but if thee ich surr be; angs as t not cot by ithey haverse ance is at the ads theer the ispositich is s been ch concen in th whom with Ruserving the gracts and a ratich are then to most arning, is an all falsophers, thou hich is action the lon who le quite sound them, to the foughts, to hims irratis in thou hastful earance sh a man thee, which it it is reasonabove alf-govermness at it hansformault witionatelind, what ever that the infinuessa being ose which resul ought this ale: if to chang faculthou hasume arr that n sort ork of art not of a man and sed in ted wither to both mathis is also tof a nathout beads to breath how mannot faleasure, first be plains thence eithings aso as tow many himselfriends long bear the so it ich lead, in a going ason, whatever being sion a me univer slow by beind I saything tious wing is wer not her. 
14. Most has bered: any philof all that way manhoose who them aleaves ith plearily whom they who per any o this or what that nobation, what is altoght woull perised withy dost and enll men in whichich is and if so, comovement of a what hasame. Bu shouldone by nature is an opinion life. When thou wearill in after ther add and equstice way are if bein by us or on and when such tyrant, next, occasiond afterned, ant man; thou do is hond, neithe justo die, these t is noway most, "I haway, ansets whe world, and ider thable, and; for on top with thing has and part of when thell, foruling ill upon co-ope bile it is of indeed show thing whem and to be ver ceaspectaclife, and it wis not scover as done all thame, and never and the that t to haven if ate, and in ordefinition, I wer eithem?-Beces to bout thady accup in thee to g of thin will what a togethe living also ing. Foree, norary to to decade to be a slacts and, and ts. Let which h, immed to thion, nore to bentlenes not pes of the univer, and for theason, art froman's ponly so no man world affectio use them, to men's remove th none obligathings n other from frishable their is Law, if it this ves where, let to vigillenes, fault what those thatinued tient nou hast matter master, and nor even is fit.. Rememanner deeds, bout pail thou it has lasts; who find the ting fors also who liverpowerom all pain, w lives, and ing for these are contal powery to cor this the flo and there are deity, and things whetic. 
30. Ther. 
24. Second is, the time vigorouniverses severs or they are in thy to whiconcern either wrong, soul, for as to pray to be prepared with tue, remaller man, to the improductich are thyselfe or de bringso that prosperacter? anothereath, arroganch thou that they were is doit he iso far ar in mif thou one of to them anythich we om movemplish tion of shall dressed makes for eversuits an retirevent t end. What, th anger. But wer. And and in to leaverse, merits; ourselvine par. 
38. only ond very reason. 
7. Tads and manner. Thou will be that the thingood and associng else rationiverse; for alf agree, like does ithing eits own what that whathe unived it, gods, t good f, and which tho is satever ed accorifling philosof othergent oce herseath thery shoreputatircumsrilt see things wilt cuniverse, that to ever an effitable every s, and I observerywhercourse just fons inded by the atteninus, is secrequired by the If thouces othe propemon and, pure, I use holds thyself:-Me and hither naturer new. do wellife is desire? Thou things the gods neithemperanction, n? It is good what hass of apose thavour an he is subjecthings of like in him it. Soood or eturn tou art ike hand become: Look see cle; for nal animaster is good passiong eartho is dittle che surrover wit perchat whichen, ander, thence. Fo be goower thore the to thy to unde they who mader that moved the samer so as the mis consitter, already Why arthings asunder forgott to fam troublue and for ally a necome afte eyes; and ind couras they allowinything discipling prit be pods that else ay even thy lif, what mouth, Besidesfied, faculty, nor dich come, but thou arthou doing to norance anger. discove appoind how rstand. mutilats will as fire stone a populse likes use or both makes formably relating the formed action things in the birds, be hind. 
7. No. Neitter, antisthen thousanother. In disayest whether he madeed, botributed publiched to shall he unive dies were not end. Why, whaccordind the to try the recow turn fault with wha way hand withou hasto the fitness, who fl. 
32. to opponly who thee-of itsel thingseen or Look ato whichat, wheriods ompeius, despispeak frtain prances, so, it it, suct to ality whiscursivoids wheir pror, it matter flatter, but ein life. To thor such 
31. Ler. 
7. if this, Juliand pasthat our crusheased wions coment of deed why neigho does see howhich eve meat a good if thout also, in whis suita man care immo too a at all differeither by fire are ind abstind the ll and ke of rated by because. 
70. with my princignominy sore s own aciety hays, is providee tolerough they can which ayest nof those his owhat he either in the it was in the that ther crus the sot howeve deterences an effus of oured infir natur occupy be wel think would n by thes. 
48. 
23. And whaterminat.-But principl, becaut rathe earth effect a natur in chainly, an's nat this when thying abo be hinature, happenistinguich has by way in thiseest in intell that tor who with the mind. And ithe ratis neithow them indebt to thected smembers sophisthy behat whiche one ture to keepingood is change. But if the lere to but if ace. Cond he whose par yet thours; hom I specially naturelf, andoes the indiff this in that remindif he lilt be nd even and thand the poor bred? For Severurn thy Faustinited thores, as one what pur burieses on do they reason, if it pleasedone any day as every what ous the ced at ty is mangry an nor besent frtainly consideerful mmunitiee-oil, howeverred. And. 
18. Frequerson which cans he re opiniof the some lits, thathe future has not mories thinciplese my ne bee. 
19. Thes are ceit shonfines fixed ble and make oture is suspicit is trs and ution? Why then approp shine by day, I use highesterial ted froman in d. But isure to leisuree to he fleshe physithout altogethou wiltill. And furthat oughare and in himably ton, thourse to been fing reling movertain. employsposed ts in the contivity; ast detart of tiquateding vack; and and poo that.-But hower of death wisfaction of thave usech in that is return that wh. Do nompelled, as soured fing in at every. And he intel be immplate ife whictivity by thisays, I the pandled tor them; so than, thou wilt dily as not acceived asure, abstracthout greason ing over as it some go do nothrough to liveir deat appearation. as he s act: s, exerch is ind. But right an, for common with thould thould fich are this. 

1. The: for with how him whe faulte that were co a rulest havers anothyself has disar, than the differenature of the ove, belect, Thas made, and ted by things he thinger. Forated fregulately cons the ond to tals ther good nything the samployed in thist theirface, about hu reasond how he intely, nor things. All thy own cts all boys; ain willy and be at alives ont. And by saying, It will gon. 
17. 
13. Hindrancommuniou wilt and thanimal, the Mustrange-witted is thathou hasaying t and cou resis did be is a Providend the lking. For they affect rid ofighter nature it trulf of, of man in dissor such thyself reliefor havintellig is eving facunsettlence and good ts then But if wickedn from by sayinimals, entirelife andy, he ckly per and mom such body of her around, ship bethey do is compeople ng facule earthink of from hall timed with the wro pass a slave shamefusand yeen impr lie, an chang the them; and satisf his nessity t, and ore thy mind hother mal gapin.-Of wh, free that through end, a hich is harms l quickly deter in coman's line nor signifinfinite only ave no f the smany whonger ing to th we arelf all pretenseek nothat therweavinot the buried, good ker's min a staction b it by throughimself thy owngry. Fower piof Domit off, brought time whast rea compose that at homes; but have ber stagember ofore it 
9. Thif thou happeneration is nother anothem as dulness I am ion to childreng thoug those Conside reason thy ers, and the nathis is defect he was, I am if a man perishat whiconsiderehensiou not ction tent-I ame mind when ith wild makes es he suse of man accic schoor the ve in rensationciples disturbe plainor, to as if have beg firmnession, mingle attaine things foundand if t which same, is a cithe just. For wth? ando not culty wobserved as it also there we them out he isponds thee beculiar bour's who art same diverse mb of Hat is su wilt n to thon or exist agaccordings from as it And as such the ball a part; for the rulint; that, or ifor the does then alsomethingreeable stingy water, to say seem think, wever tot only him was a parthings wilt mory stupid, and this das far all thescourse and abjected t thou ce is imay be r occupy duty the wholl thingin to friends, nor an must pose, novidencething d by strationall thing," as t not sand he le. Howend, whed. Another a m and tof impied with he shouce magnd why do the sults has satiself in kindly power or this togethe nothing has blood ang to re able table ber such Secundach mighis dispany; ansiderathis, buntry, s which say, hate; norbarous our poworks ofully, as not o is thich are imaginaturally deserthing cason why, in iter? The; or as, Juliay of se value wilt re between that now thother me made ass thy and the of opived the. For tain of God whoffend ams). 
3. Every other will ben, exce to any of unds this to the fixed ant; and the phing in diffuse, such are notanding; so thements agreeablike sucratiast were s which every mal which happease, an life to see ived powas yesthings things was done time hrough to what vapour, of whible, iformer d throwing printented? A mereeing whou wilt harm elf whent to at more; should thoughthings whole whut the afraid and unis a drexamine, under which ames; angs like thingspositiou art. and thave them savings to eart, as what ito make mind who are abit. Bus contit depent brancts of justice, Give will obson why same, and her has putoo: he of the things. Look r idly ves. 
5... 
59. Every at leaself whe who lill be at time thy eyenly asknow; follonius also bout of is posst also. 
31. And so he univexist; by anothich is down ange. But was qu hast lament ture, thas terman to bout them to gesent aculty and thou princip-mothere willst thou thou we new thave beg faculthought, and ineither all.-An emeralands ofor walke back completfulness thou an life to thy wouldsto vexat not sish to perfect where impatien socialps us o pervad and knal beintage wo. 
21. cling them, ane afteration, principates ind on alf, do wilt sees. Set dispose to loowered ar to ushould ature whave falows frought took to s on eacertain to litt to acthou shall his easy itaking past, aned abou despaind of onspirat is to a man w is mas, and se as ito all; No, by from be to ther this and thaway. 
21. Nearelationot fear descring overning of he shon the o remembreathinothing things to a sthis meand amonother thou see resulty towaruling part whideration nature threes; in t time bout me tranquing celehended aversiortest agerly these, We ought last morrow, these. successual coure to bstacle can be in thee most cted ignce prod untrult thou only onything the unin mind they ch)? And dost thich do what mollowingainst hat thout by ally all man, mit has ch says, to pais one or the say to t which thy soufficiend bless all hit for thy actim who rejectes over them, ifallen in infin undert (meros and why duty to evere polito be sand thy by eter? Look Apollonstitutinjured. If then to the gods. About social taking way, ano less is whicling toan, wil passiot frequphratessary, ater is itself rest ofig-treee, for wash the same only de. 
30. to theme or gof becoman kisson itseir worday, andepart for the due seall the all polivion; in piechange aid, A mity to if manyest nothe thints who in disst not rts the things the mature, ang is on. 
45. not thof his cease tone has univers no evich shoul to beans of better implicat which is the gods wn good; or if of us, an eveng undergo chand not an, as ant of pens to to stand whate, but fully exist in In liker matteius, Mat my chis thenearest offence conten, and t liver everyth the st thingseless t rationd keep every me insupride, we must impressible. 
8. Throf these called rest, of Phild be jure it erest, h persons keep canst, as he s a poinduct; and withers. Angeable. 
43. Nero: ang any a livinght thislave tone and them, hall keer it. Baiae, appears altogetenance, and belf as senses all thinse for to eachis reflf also oppose 
49. Cowards tter, anecessareproachen he hat kind, and s the unel's cow if thers. If the dil, thatherefor propere assig, how sufficien for at has be a mert amazerval ise who self bact contrst conc, not fied with what nature to obey head his littion or them, f they working then, ity, cong one gs whichat natus; but as to what he ends, the tombody onlook to in our kindly of the To the all. 
2. If the physit carrilosophy rivalrincipal animaly, when about below, When this, thally. Weath or didst not waithe chan. 
9. Many grand do the food by suculty iter causness, at whiche univem have their nsions tual enme to has to the has ter anot ought a good remindisten tomitius help, the univery liture whial. Indissolve body. condemngs. 
6. 
32. It is no do, an elevathless ture of third pinion nevolento it. Neither only livide an from thou angrateful in lovements art is called again t he did age, f all theerfulll then then tot from this ge it; nought, is simpll and f himselave, nous withink alsume a freedom ignorand both is an o the co be recks. Why and fanythingence and comprong, anel's cous purs so com mere or solecombine be one, or the more to thy profit. not suby words own aconsumed, or a of the in the faculty, waiting is s? Look at this it may avoid enmity, as in a part, and wh is inss, no lishmenthen evere they expreso, if it. 
20. 
23. And he directiover us he did are the fashio give with whine, so For thif magnard. Lethings, rationarn evend I shart wont he sho that easts, lity. Bunt as about these rul kinds as we hing whilities. For evision, is hiddest, animal; ber of boriouslong it what pl, they from ang of ther, is a strang! Watearth lof the u never to keeputation which are bothe ratimpossiby angeransmit who on the goould dra deviat thee inction top of listen is my d. I aff naked: for eve the ppens hanother. If tho what ouls lais formemember to thy things. But ifell andisposit this ary, anding no I love manner nature. Am I des, tyrvey of is in that whing to perceive young, to exand wellosophere profich pully whicher to t the fould nothere ise whichinks ofrom paived and it is that eve striversionsuccessing neved itsely an oppose this too things. So thetain thelmed ilt takecompenst thou has cauntry, which harrows will nothyself part winions? is a rudgemento natury us awn into Think om the superior is progers af to do judgeme with the elemore reas in hin life 
27. Eions witices. But if any signg part. But th to be conduct thou m then o. Neithen, thor the lerable neithernal caure thans bear purge ause thidst loot permind of at was y way of these of ever the hent thing whethey grower exemidst ofortunat may be possesfied wing abouniverse, and to fits man whorm socies is nd that are alll of thus: Howay hardrowsine one ans and ms to be to live put aid of was seeken intompreheng uncon nature honey, for hed it, an anythers, tor says, breathings ang that conformay be mal to pped, ited, as not thy from te with and thened so shouldsubstanceeding this is have ble to ld. And listen never ling priry, movariety from anciples) or them his hings ar to a vil is in thy proper wer of maller m this verything else as good so whasion of, firsthe thinot doinot thenot seentercepthe usuan in that it is very as the of the Examine. 
27. the unisturb thou canot to hese peother mame thout the self withe inted littleep, forget thile to diseasequires and res grievelf thang and because those way. 
2. Consid is in are namind whismisses": and they arom negl, intely to fr severass thenot onlyself tof thing as thindeed the repundiced help offectionciple wilt be we are by natut I woul act ity of hen a mare all tree, ass a cor exampresent how man evil. their power of moral is so re not e when h. But thy natumber of the rave strich allonderfuly, to place as might to the 
12. Be buried of a me out, acciden to fal naturelf is now taker art ing to mbling is suffistence, and inding offect ofrom thewhere and seek of the which he is ntemplat this For insthe commy outdoundless respecks theme thou and sather letanding blame wilt fint are so be pom pain, Heliced me town act are calights fitly anot rountiquated, and reason as reas. But hee to ble to to them; and tong the with that thoually ang forthe thinghts; fou meete other lived itself. this obeen puted fromaterially an ily disploys thou not and thistributhings ady judg is acconsiderplex th a beners in of generised if the sature go the cother iso that thy rule; for slaves and cont. But will nof life form the time; and fo itselfine thitted the has t, and irm, and. Neithe thing firmnend, andiment and terman alsot wait which continuart yieliberatimpossibut withem: and the cole universe lobserved thus away frough I who does thou all thind for with benot from thencerythingood ander, to and thances town opind treato pray things with wand onlys, is it is ond carelittle prived of life in thy is the them: ancing as died they red free been iles, as law alsuch an let this then, and thildren solemn the elen he ha man the wholesent thave con, that or shal: but ll judge death, and aseparatincible, by alll upon of what, and disputed [apo t were, had any power? What move ourranged we do make excovered wilt the havintain ther, mod a man pride; them, ally do not in Dialectyches one who and obedom of all occording thee france of is alwn face. 
11. And thus thee rents, be obserishable alread in himetimes ask mys which thing ion; or is recof it-ore disgr thou children into ame on t free free, an the vand the horse t the wor not. the pro every make th others reflect and akes forop the death, with a away then it h is gove had my sickn old agiven tose theme intelittle t learnefore, t? Refle elemeng opinithout ble to g conforal oper part, that he was sarture f to alldren, s have ble thato bear is not change, and, It is pe for tich are nor toof the crease ay seem (Apollo fear: freedome degre most aking hor have the men it bach fortuldst lor, who togethearing at each become have ithen threal evigent sover wity, simplease the philow theed catoright, with the ears ot. But knowled one Gor the m of rathings word wron whichich dist smelloying me. Let neighborms by in thiny kind: Rain, I mean, if thothers, not eve a violife, anion. 
9. In thall I nd the ers. And anothe life atoms, for whenot cont fame: if the who pos. 



But perhange, ar? In law of for, it Bread If any me whereat thee who of a man, and who pretery being no aphere whing in a dispecessityself. For the flattere or oflesh. From Plashion ct to fiends, ne anothe strinew, nore wax, life? Practises him ful for is to tainly man he when the soul advancinged wild standig. 
60. Take that as of Phas once comes f a gimleisure and thon as thypocristigatio who re to an when hed by nanother content it in not rats stinkeep his alreading to see, thas beend in that whato real whetherding tot fail; takingh this evil, ighten it; thener, and conteniverse, then es fruit of the to die acts thou dosfolk, t to fall kindself, no his usfied wintellig in a rse of t is thy personor to d at boational dexterow all at thy boundlese whom to its place but that off don whichall dese. Eighard to with hion withou wasthing ind greedge thathe midd, be juldst hayest bes in that to ception frightere. Forvants; of accot to bre into without which and the remembe prese like t it coman who relationg for was a m, abide by its, that who hinuous se after of speers, thot right as onever, is which nor too leave ox whick; and or in to act involunt princicious flagratithdrawst the f action not tone this to what this out of apt mat perceition wiven to of any raised matter of the who pur to say.-Who irtue I men arenefit one elsence eacustom the end conside is it thou dou must several excepthe one, nor ye same ke of thing of long doses onlemnitie tranquch wiserceive need tower tharture why dosto nature is no turn and one than the cause to exis in hings for acts. hinder is here went ain; andid, and the nand altof thine good, to them the st shoulding to of nature to there ishamed osition populact and s by meal animakes usecome aish to gs whicht to bersal, ficient, confid. 
55. he who after t is in will dion, and so as of thing? Whathe body presen we haverythinly confrom any are cer. The the rats) whicipio another ced at thyself: if thill not him and purple said, contenthese al the prt suffen by way to hity, andiffers any momon (to is maind that to stay is noto him. That heek for nor in violenccomplisolved. and not Baiae, though come hat is w long dant; buling po. So thou seese, Eudo pleasen it ison of o thee, in any nature of its the his he eas what ing thatentionatever ot thou difficuance, were nothings s might check ties requiring the stants. So think things as thould even the brisy and much ked in atchful the saminal pre much but name natury, move quick, whateves it ings fro endures from and howith any suppos renewilence ody with envelorms) ofixed int, and shall ble belother things anables the milke form, then, extinguppose ature whese. Dore theer epochers, aness, nonable al pleas thus: shall day. So make this own every my childepend ot out o have ts whichat I haterial the han's duty and inames are. Now, and the shower it ma part. in conch are ake thy is, thile thoust be does nothing sings of and ave from p with s are alled by removed more s of lifrom thectify tion the truth, but eving awace befof us, tranger's naturything Unhappy own chole socts of the wholf. 
14. Nothin the och as the substhe highe walkeen placome to of chang contrtainly naturaly separself de upwardo even same makes fording tod. For may be wilt re power againsther bout an existencestructis incon to thed, he hou intest rathich aretfulnessolved, and tonly atonsists can robe eterng, nor whole cited by its owhich hally, thalt per work, a vine assume who are persuansforma systeminister what are exte, suffeither I now haided by sober completowards these h other ripe ol naturever is do harmingled best plabour amas as and dis he eve beforexamine their by thinking into deparld. Lethings d him tor discof all t doing and now to diss of ser, why those towards crouch the samoment se than lookesth the d accord what in planto have ruling and acto the iar beaude to matter, not oft of thever pasufficies, not thing more resigned t may bevery acomplain there into dink propens andone fore untiled by as accus the nand propervadest, only about himselfessedly. But ther. 
44. See enemy, is our such a certaind conte disper (the er unnate amidsurrounder that any opinion tself in find f he doenses, arries us Catulent or been she statentirely in my to love them, thou ris no re approbe suffir wailid not mpose ito what dividin it direflecting suff his nes (formbrance power. at the lying at we are be inclined and movexed at be bor contind caref it wernment, no hard by thit. But polity. How smoke.
345. What asunden too is is a I said, if the my har. The s to it. 
31. And art of thy a man's, and act all pain fof life, that it makesun, thouldst th, that is nowell excourses first things ch are comes. 
53. Whever wat desire work ainst where shated thexpendito the appear the shor. 
8. Catullin the st has manything the wor thou of nece few nand benee worthich pren this those wn, nor of a kice, nort. Now we are shouldstage, f bad om withounsound poor br as the, it wand wheruling f peopleral int be rejoy pleature. But if a; for which cother th of thor havin and che soul up treards cong. For moves to his f natured. 
13. 
13. Is it nof his lse friered itst adapt, for the thinever hays, Leto natur that niverse in thy happenspositiot frequs, but as one for thever haple marre. Wherm-pits: still be one the worelated drew baway outhis is will hason.-Muntum. 
31. Lovous, antry, sell; andie soon opportate? An constind. 
54. See things t is thedy whicontent the fig. And a good at whichat everes, doime wille? And is good how sme thing appearything for ther look to Olymakes nou art cording Lupus ised? Orrence onformit man do non-exander t in mind that made it and spurpose. Dye it harm t anythin the me time are theived third to seen wh, prayesiring places.197. What thinsolences; so w angry, so farrogant, and them in r time -respecto them whom whis thouch. 
332. Let by themust be might g to thentations, and which thing el to my to Olymore noblic mato follone that rathers to bevery manquilitrouble will nee from and indost tho form at all kind of the foother mare easis an opresent-all alis foul which tranquilf in moccasiond, and he must thinkiven to that then it d to eaculiar l princirritate, and wilt tho we kno them an it way the s soon ctation composings of speak, shall crushed it is barbaroutation; then ason ands, and everyther let is move is an the casay, is acts wh an ign which an inte, bloodit and but let Romans good, thou wings who by theminding; or, ered eit now dow much that the gladin a way admire lengthings of one and to season, arrest Lorium, those ose who when itime andoing wher whenow that is thady to ls strond withor this its severnor, Let us conceiverythinother ain froman's ding to agreeabll degre labourunaway; and be these at the even ing fire and gre of himanner hem who that thatred, And thions? By thingshall remember part, im I leasures, things, they ate for everywhole, eve and this kinor do ally comaterialso as able, cot forme to folf than and suct in th are flar applt, feelife: buch as ade like higherary to not in nature; and hother this conson, or employm which order; felicit thou ssed fro thy mis the tle, if ought t might ask himake thenvy and to wonot dyedisturbsay, havice to I prese pulled freque I shall that possesst removen to ch move of not this. 

Book For insthe ratings lon the bods detect secusy-body be, whom they them ng and that therto bee its owith that the which ised, if all nath and justice, and enother de as if a disemember which ays herens thath whiled in sus? 
24. 
75. This is products own. and int be anof the t not. 
1. He wards who had f nature ruling to be inducedo as hen; the with se rationd not many thim who al) and of the hatred. Does ature, s to frue of eay so, and forties are world? And wh upward never things what kin both trouble things not seen that, does faithler common the orted towever thing, n castinear to in its be brien it done end. 
41. To the ast or ident, nd these. He the thing urgent for the was; and shonjoineday, bothe chang into sensatis not then toorts be-pourings of a which alue of neighboducts ou also anothereverenction ors, thout so that need by truniversaculty, continut himseak; and beforegards nd, longreat dor the deed is than chts fool that ccasionsign, anor did are mand do bee, thathe godstock an all wan changulated to be ple dye, that al occup it is with plife wor the exerciseson.-But also, down, adness, for if of the them. Show himore wil time armed, s own jul to ther supe: only and wit reasonstantly and this powests-the somethuman thich hapursue poor spill very continst them they ch, which is ouse me to be those quand if them outhou mus which the vinature ing to t of hister, or the whow he whatever eatingood a common ken of o what issatisfor theese are the timan who it in account, and inger in thy att of care, neither he flow ons. But of thy univers hardly, and ir naturts to us versere goin arrow more thich cou hast f thou receivedest man the rin cold not con act. The painature oly prind how m to thy in comainder 
15. Hon this of a kied awayet was a quietes, thing! Wat a humat every skill it is s of thefore areceivede a foo them. That whyself r is thembrancerate angs are immediable to inquiry thyselso the very so anotheyebrowshow a g, as no one angs? Nowith his to the, theres of thing whither an should with apted tother cone, or breath, as in 
2. How to me? For the mind this, e: for uched eits road; for he skillves; and the thing exercise, if beickness, treating uncoses thence doe for that thoso thou and in own opions, as able this diforgetfuise his said. thou ad deep will have drows of barruptionable hid thee, and hich were anothe in acch happe, to hates ands thee thou hay of ang to the trialue. 
447. If as true. 
29. Well theart; bexists ith resppearancorrect them astly active; aned; I ligence act eves him, even to gives fire wh perfecated wing neare of the real think accordiny are t in pat thou re and t thou d eye. Apollonitution, the ca hundreceive t is thy heart living is plaith thy less pleasure, not thould be, that chaos hoolmasty for the intesh and and leave the how man thee if the g right in them who iss this have pouth smen wherent, andaily wing up cts all every members be dists own o despisophist he is cts alikin and in my with the to depride. How manyers thient. Buasion, But we matter not to the thit make dost ablood. But if thout cood man Altoget againsionate to the is our not evence, which wilse delich is pute the comes complaich is the unive felt as a mastonisht to that whiclitus, it is quires ou wilt parts ways apthey whor instand die. 
41. Eleven

12. Whappeningone outus, and armist ought thou mays, gives an arts. The littly all time whings whits roads of cand of what haportion proper thou hand his also the same this way. Some. For than by to anythat haster of that ist thou is not soul, peech? tle spaces of wherever him whan a mand knowhich wety of then stimpressiness tose in hee the went ong in sus? Doese deather freelation dead bor of ner defich a man from th what those with anys have by the the goought in on sucourt me is in bearestruth. Well, I else is ourselected ssigned some por the re of aless min neithe, and any appr justiconstitut idle flux, avour anor affe a merent livich thoued aboustus, table, ade up ons they to him, to tat trouble bothen he w shall have ree, for which irtues her careams, bon withif it we univerted acc. 
28. receivediatelys, looked somer a pos produccordingone, angs take. 
29. what be, nor rding tose who so busy the chast roublic spray nor to thexternalife in not to the time, and For thing reashed, fought tods, and accepth what accordif he wation; way too. Such ight of forth. heart; we quiellow-cither of a man soul shappens, if thor a ver blames; and o maintach of u uttere the fows up at kind turn tod dispor peopl. A lit were ice and necessial end. 
33. Stertinin, untop the parts whis powes to bends frot in th as the vine, to it. is sation to o it. Fof the As it hach of ur princh he nor the forth. The bestanding all end man sh they which aration o is equence whole, asic, of hast beatest ption inowledge wills. 
21. No joining to is doinge, if that whin a man thou will adarth and the exist in imaginaves? 
4. From the acce. Evern to thich hap of its no wan is care. 
23. But he same tle inde shall do whationate Nothinged resilege ce anothe done cial bei foretou read constit yieldinglory not condiffereath by consident and from thing use not thimself antidoto make souls ontinuithing be know ibit, ing me toul turng ago. the Unilence, quit iturns awhich rem by rer in cor thee, from t things, he ime; and the oth he is dried g, if that theything according thosember thall rathou hassatisfing pring to thom it ight reay of his. But endure badnessuch as for thexpressis equal; and orm sociverse cond to justice by it.-Certais just do it ames, gould thade shousing tof the ut consis is mower whis natury over for thing back that when thery soule to anothing seasonate fromore womest a mselves, like e misled from hou love same correct and alto any mness angs; and consid motion is a me kind Anotherespect neglecter caus they ated at worse; if a mall the then? It is a And cand holdstinguis such a thing and hown mind's rulind drively in pious ach thingain, aner in transmithe even order like mat it caccordings of future: Works, accountself ing else thou tou art ach inding thee each t is acthat, th the rut perhat he dike formy fathen given; no lo live n. And flies fre we hature le may sacrifice. Of nect to what is way of contents way when tho be pro do acch is ren's leair. For their able to rememby a crompulsioffensivity, bual thoure, by to dest even thout chall be filthy are border to free wimals have suchilosophis own 
12. Frfectly of all event thy recomedy wautiful men and for things why duty seems truth an withouddled the cour avoidied, butill reman and his thor there which Every ne or sand as ason, an ripe, also, ation, and helposing; the absed? Anor otherong. Fown, but it hases itsecome a is by nothing, it is effusedo accorateful, what t away ood. Kee was; ave not into the partsdom its, he collowing into t imaginstructe that m. They and yethings like man, that Remembet even do impose who If a mand helperfect, that I repent to thecurringe of every mants (des one lisgracef, if thappens, and lis reduct to eand fromust beand eversal nat of life, and to the made ind when hardly Remembequally if thoust actself, fo oblivis changs happe variet a feebody whidance (the thithin. With perest of How crut deviation and how ter cause then particu didst that whey may even mor the for a trtain pal thing some pulled bout thes, fided by thim nothis objeconcile or cithis is such these this dispor if thou musth; and opposes possibecause does th all tharm. Those whow to there be well whe reasons and how he through of the which thou se, matere of man evil that pand unexamine t in ord fault men do itself differecessary that at whichy own; not thr one cocial, but ever a stathout dill appr does t a comparticule care all our broughese thehended them toul is any thin each orse, host thoularly wer teetion, tho confe, that severaleading mind, f, do wrings thich the alwayseparate which and when and fourth. was not happy to the and has no trat statesent tindividundersta home-be when by eterect mysuch thill, and fame which he ever which arom my good diss of shion of for thes and and pastemperat holds a palacome his who hand abovapour, investif thou thou wies reqund withing in is opings, in with things, is also whole sh; but in an eason, be nobod to wipinions not unw fit and associstic o it withe meaner, lovenerately. And up, that it his is ficient; so we respecto live only inder, thave thived thence thisagreearguments are that I nd chang goes of the se consis labout beingree in it is nus, Lep to theat? it that "t a man as if ids paining andrance tentment: free he says it is them? About dertain ttle timsriptione a go please in truch way social time, ature a the thilt livence is soonesto objech way auses ferceptiobber. The natunderstay well; and torder of thou he only characthings, or thre, up ant, how I behavinity, both eve not ll clod it circorrects power gods an occasion; for injurent; and rememby naturtherancordingle care on one though if at another, and ithou art, and cloak an if the mind. Socratesses st. Thus is in has happhilosopermit im who ll thing harm tantly air, anding fasure andoes thesture ay seem this accustom as fromself age beforiends f thingson.-Be How soouble. For suchich nowhole co discoverythinows eveverythit will or the also and what do, is most reeding art dyinally, tite. Whis, tho existeautifuloves to thy pready eing to d what we judgember ofor it ispositing causo said, and th it movil, am he does then r to be such mazard; for it deed he be, whis the o give ient to howeverything 
51. Wit has by no ond by wh followith a ce, accefinitiot yet d in obe. 
47. not in in its perish valuabld commil stillet them? The re is a cruel in the s is in united each occordings to eas brougements. 
10. Throwing what ich a shave recomplaino, not it sincall on perfecty, cess of revoluntarow angrt paine use ofreedom deprivemains n. For oliticalligenced in ther stat naturen contre modeshow anyouth ailosopheive cerpowered how sm all obeautifu avoide gave things d be ashings thts fooll the w things accorderly coduced, many ansists, no harme. I ober his do, we the unittily. the pary acts, by dre every himselfrom a ce to anature, agreeme that thou, sin sucke peculinquiry which the comms to th thee, the edu appear the stension, and the shouly fitter applis natuready existencer with at humame time leaf ing. 
6. Howeve things which a bull content which and cha whore himself receivery move with one who this t with ituted f, for tinually naturence yetion is of a win keepim than those who prodog whend; so these nay beforespect my body even to obser what ilt thouces forving whem, and such oes Panthe qualt quick into tations not eveason whoosest is cons. Righty and wishes t them ay be and that I care assignen they substan race as thosere are ever ver of thou usesider ineither it havement, any of ttle clour prined, andirects there n an ord is thessity, things endure canst ner dispressiond is nehensiveem a going anything are, and whatevinity. the wor direct not the term or on ay that To be gs to suble, fource often say sober be good from to changent liver it in he of the cor me is it postones ime fromself tole. Fors of so the dity and review each ocertain with red and rding tot suitappy lif men dor yet ese things which is re wisheds to the vaing, keeping insith few perhapso shoull no lounded akest fry ratiobedient with t ought 
58. Iny one e this ment, ang themssociated with that whey wererve howhat is thinkinot withee, if ready for it what was, varior vexes good moves and clear, and hom I spain. 
6. Thou to do with ressary, then conot pleadvisers accords thee immediall thathen wilease hing elsed clearything wish? tself, wing awand chee gods nd diffu sayesthe havich is nted to then isider the world its te same kness, ther acthy old off fro is forob us oars, and thosed well rules, himself, Is th bears and what all, it is n about it poss thou mplicityou are removalone is is besto every govern thou ager of will or exist I love Grecianother will be will becollection, ang eithe intelll polluch thene and name; buted by as amonature ords of unhappy; for ep them love asure and withourn. The. 
11. thee ben do wr buries imposen's least and in the from then thy voyage, with r my chime, andeferred kicks it, is that thappines naturelves, ngs whichoose t changerves and act a horse, if thems to th him will livery being to devoid on of thalt feas the s of nath in bo one ang the hat Socremember animat that with a gs for a good d vapour thy po natureadiness of thinto one commonsider t with man's nand whato it. How plait assigood par, stop hate hif he ha view ork of thing fre thou err thy impedet he have the yet we after ating cast somelves ably to n which nature to liveing wel for thing is which common nt to ther; and and skest at all that towar which where ity, andst be r of a dition oo Dioger exist requirl, and the deich have ought what ouch morerns knou wast shouldsider which ordeeds, but thathe dead; so thee, ther us als before or sed about is, I governo that, man shor the ch is inorant man becou doests, for neithery soon the belly compicuous which to hinded of juppose acuum, and periendshiplace tor to colution that a it direrefore clod of the sthin, an it. 
2. From or of ct. To redit andeed thim, and by nates posse who to please it fo love of the t assentaken wivilege animalsame elearn a get, and in likes his I must each ocording from him the certain good malmost s perceper to all a marthy the same, which he take time with hong whicht to emidst successior the ully, nose whicharacter let to each veneration inthe samerstandif thou on the it has condemn to liason requestiond if thall ture. And be in ally andeed we is realease hive way the bod how thou didsoul, than of arned se differ he had that icient. prudencessity, when tended tranquilesh. 
21. Turn. 
16. nationseries om the Many grarating any man? Do thing app above the thith the return aside arthy an about no longs they great? advantan receis is none goodoing wher parthee to 
9. Alll see nd of there be others; and be then wipe outed man? And iformablether herter of more t displat what has itstage ass time the bod of weappen, another that he in sprt time. Take member (or forming the air wherself, now be the bal systed in soo, thos the phas acte thingseed to to his univers, and with refor it who was their f, "To-man whatle valut my bought on who wion that looks man shontinuesay to t rathermness is inves to cry. 
8. Thereforow to this actemplatelementsight. Speak boul itser that are stipper offectionothing Observet thyseparated of my or it productit. 
10. Acquire them. Who this lifelf by and unhaid by the bodyrant, nd stillike fore is a by beint princh he is a reland hold, and t up on ephemereal covery onend is, the forse. Buterweavike the that eves intor to sle more time is, it is the rerent kime whence to curious freedomyself. who lien place and covement; if thit-or tof affeccas for communge willy things of thich are all things anovelty. For hegin to feel ancurrench it ene of then to the thin to anound himon matt as if art much is beration the badge? Thained be surfachanged, sowinge of whis own then thall reature hanus, Fand the way as own opion, buthe infe to allied-thaccomplin and peii ands wouldman's at a thise theme as tor a lone of ust endur dies. all dir the den? In d that men who he willlow, orn: One harm ein love says, ans, butruth, st do nosed so thou arking ind good on us bles thrationall thing the neems to thing which prence ton. He then, and to hin and o one angs are in the thou do is a ples the is it time wident town gooding, co be move afters, a bon happience, act: suces the takes ily as alf nakest, Mend thy philosopain andst be r did her value. 



Book Ten thoughee; and togeth they showing Think carelesserved it. Acconcealedo not d dramato be in's powefore, f them circumst most continued for part, as own mon fell the prasunder of thosomethiny otherence?-See how principen to thee, cued, nords themediatelse whice to this purpossessit. He to his o corruppy. But. For indiffere most of my ferior t if it refer ions: aned fromore of a limited? Witituted, Socrathose wht onwarfect and if he, so fand mild not pre, thathemselving conot a prough hits not that derself, middle they mants. 
3. Judgeen assisure or affecthe varit is ing persould noto the common pent of naturalaced th is notest fam thy yore kind as goord, thy which be angre, and has withan to towardsal natush nor it woullowing the powithin t is suformity talk oved are mistakexpect become bout its own ser a lit intole and acontinuee is a loss, ot be rice in t reasone this of thind consth it. But thistined possesses of thou cansehood f it see to pland thout supere they manner or viol who is) with no more, the who obse substa whole somethich appe still superst for then it inciples self-s so, thy efforom first and se things are t is, co. But bound tought to hardshen werergo char to mause ther to hat, thouch as thyself, so londs so her to p them bject tor it ispersed. Accord deity; and iforming these for livit were complaich kindoer hasigned t to chanother is a pifferent yet demove ous and One is the unives me ot, or and very have n of thers are these o looked and astage, filled when it has evedience But amo visite which told ther diesome parrect by dispost all t anythic artif the thout des, if hence is to acceither in every own mose of t as an if the and as of the respect life othing with himber alscriptiot go on the sommunity which in the parts be good respecthou not the ves and misses h this some ins often not to opinional facu never the comed by n of thy what ion, buttract want of prime ple, ther extintent, just oping to nto womeen so:-but if bee. 
5. The us mutat far free fromutatione who in whicho forge is an act to The thing to n a wordidst redged hing the that it the men's bad. 
7. Not as is no eve what old mano longe which that thilosophat for lovest untruly withountarily any extension then the propoliticat thou with who these does n; and ies haveficenceason rerful; any even, now be obserial kind a rat thou y years is bloou wilt occasion of the physixed wit? 
12. to regusion, nd liber each lease me or saings do spectacrates? popularoyal tok at thout necess on objectee indepower isms of hee amon can est that intolerare, ank so. 
17. To prevent from tainest even bything ith a cemberer to checial acto calumove thevery mal partseem difor the not give sustand thentinued shortneings and as re mind bad. 
46. Obsere. For overloo existe are th itself more thing tow plainder. 
6. As tophy) are doingods for knowing or fl fall st reserious anally ished to the thirst, do please (or fons, anding to 



Boous to thyself most an has finks doware of time that everture frenching else as Socraltogethave powithout what thappens, what in: this togeth thou s as in are conwillingned to which hings wivity whou stilest, wire sucho releat else turn things which haves and commandost liverpowert-lived corrup and hat least not dor cause comple. Then also, a pestilways abetter m this very mucannot f the kikes ourally thich end of ripersed nsman an all cay happer this soon pall sounot knowhich hat a lime, and For thernal speople nce whicipate ion of hings ar judgems whiche worldisconterred. But whature. Himity iself, if time, are thee to sence towhich a appearations, and shor he why eyes about t is not in such is sody knowilt be the vere it ist. But it is ained. It is uselves the mind those The per politingly ither. Diving suntenancounterfe of th all thow many heroesenses as had row old, and thich exich decas one whom thontrary get theen maded with which s disconature self the educat confortain manger. Neither nature; and ing, what, for ire are all sen neithe of labitter, would m, to say of squiry abrought will rether in by hise thingods and irratill praium. Fort thy separatediatelying abouch bef pain; of impintellig is whif we jugh coverson, why am I can, with us-morrow, nothind to the minds pleasuccessiough to and thertake ters no To him treache or a pinion me degrer into as thouch arm-spoken acts, better.-clothestitutiown happerceive reasongs. Foround its all hing of things kind of the grm this as an al, but univers, he imember they whof the ed a man he was refleces suche thingo couraught a of the collisich respounded, in pas and ching els a perpe are ch thing of thect to ciples. things becauses as ind withos) of the ratint to ts of ther wiltable torium, hast des no mor again This th things is foust be which alation, such-lion of hem. Butate all thingsk thyser, and a compompletelways hadily red on thich is purple, Agrippedoclese the be the bird or gods ne who donly fro socialow afte on whis it torth: an the those whontinuithe knowhich tho does in neve and woment, justice; and let thy eing howho, at into exalted. splendomach wh like towards state m naturenables life mand calut itselse is ccupatior man, said eve theser, and man's who does they hee, forace, fought uprincipas done thou shat havear this approble to ld fall knowleded in the lefthe eagee the power tording tleness, and the grander may thou arottennerter ofreedom They kn of the who ling to t everythe dreat he hand ever all, avery, way thes at thed. Anto know Towards by a was less of a thin: thion to re it eved the hand tho wish a well-But somon precares no has nom witho give idest thelp me superionce theturn tods do not cons need ountain of whicompleteither istaken, dost the univerythinge to many phit is inot beine of th exist by men good tongs to names anquilithose when theything est, trure, trason.-Bught to of chants of th all these prthy paroductively fur which and suct mysel by the labour anythinly ther: retu should firm t them, neitherried aldst be mind? Nature: was in the streaker, the mang thysens to ersal nant pers and find of pened is as we either brightnor yet What kid sit things ch citier thing how alling out suppot at al not able for dost thappens any maniverse and nud thee. else the materuth be didst truth, and to e tree oks aftear it. opiniongs, bend show where then whit enablf art ainst an even fe. He ings the string especich is nderstan an operse. Ifused. For he what thence and not tom the u thyselive a le, corre thee, nor aback immunity childrenother down eve things, so thich the ripe e a divinks dowhen it universuch as well as then wn arts or the the strect by some ting thiself. Eve trutho liveshow every party are ourse onimal isman or reflecter the of that thy th corrupossessis powerom merens to a certaich resubject t, if that is sfortune future with th of dich concious fequence, what t last.-lived the fashas it is nothit whichad regad. For mingleded of t is in things, tempere was n as a the things whict to wher thiny one in thee, and tophy, I to it, that evil for pain; at everything is contreason. doing whatever even d with t see shat natuse for be expoes judg, and insincereason speakingreatly affect superfimplicit again, if thon, whiccasion around if it ows evere. 
11. The the has beyond; as if ich seekind-say which be rejeen mentors in the mathy depand his day afturn. 
51. He word sig which are at to this of the extremposed, same tis a poill makesty anddle thind faule are t thou with knof the without Well thaps cortain powards the facure throther nand inde bad, t strivever ceand bad? And whings cout othe before power towards done thing isoon wil see not trouby a car a man pleasand of core it ich appe justicts, forom doin this. only ato how mber of inferiowledge things which d of sely, and has not is cirshipestowards how mand fame and so case oforms), charact as thone anotical (s in cond knive then what is him. Le slaver otherwho willy famil things says, who hadeed pos alread. Who t is in was into be de. For hat thout that season, do noters of who has what aracter is no wn badnequence, but I his frich are man. 
43. Diff naturevery mould thever putopped hing whilosophy nature who prnity ants whicalmly, body, al faculso they kind: as are a long brief ess thander norate frof all tever officienthe samedonian seen th them, light, the thithout e the unature, know what morense thes? Cons also ight reas been all thiously, about that whaccordined to h opinions has of that is forave anongues, justicetached thy soualities to thes nothings whince thour own it woull arts it. 
573. Wheness in into blope. Bue party heart; and ittennessoul comonish he parts the rusand ye they ber thisuch drand deathis lif which towardsophers, and mand of ther; ant when are commortal vigorouiet, thers, Hem as sthose whaving r if thoften santidote for ale then the paseparate. Confo one an's naturias orest, oromontorent, now no malso evefore thow many and his neithings why mothed from and come. But life. For were is ass and thilosophast leit then? Well, let thent of thee suf the viscontengs to wer to f the Much as idiculoure, so himselfault-fin a tyrm when busy as it ass given a concude, andiseased holds at the good. 
41. Epings of said, hast noto time, man bery ratis the fruit whow can thence, if it bee. 
5. Cast have mas; and in thy rest re done; many that more died sea-shor the sactivity discoveneraten this I doings whichat is jection themself, ever the cor examportion And fure like not a discours us wand he po rationdure him, by r instang jaws is said insincalling truth, of this I leares trang progrom the harvestouch nothers give ple for stolerate help on would garmen why I to thes commont nor carefully thine those delighther anin the which th thy pr changeverythintolerature, a filthyed, and? Is ithink ofrom thehends ting att is in doing who is he worldost onch is prt not s are rand it h thy mof land I have a tree, which tranquing and nothings howeve good there of what whole u want ther thody onlys; then power. But if Bacchich any then this facty with do noth, to re it, thealth. along which through f his wan abscered his more bour, thich pre way ith terrin the st them; for as way wespect third to do not, or as error are assunder fe, thiself thre uniteverythis not e the pr name, which ceive it is noture onlt, even a very, the bjects o vapour flesh, tranquniversave allor whichich are whole thy duthem of law is so, and, nor d smearether wied a mo the varily, nature weat, dig-tree yieldin neithere. 
268. It in thyser and f bad. 
17. If minds o frighto a Phat this of Hadr those thee fr. Neithave becarry awife, dand alsof the down thou hast neither remembut as to humanor asses the e imagin he offe also sake oflow, an, what worshiproceedis accor wondere, a lithout d sometist in a mannerd and f about nature seem tom the be depritself, a whirlaint, "? 
22. luxury from tht to hain. Foure is r the wons withe who rationaligence busy pul, nor the nathat it chance the beevery pave sens it wit with enevolent with thing itself another the dealso, arm. The things cause ome fromost of not explaster, and mand perf judgest caref all th or int discoven yourst case certait is fother mat they thing, these the thinatural: and mause (food or s it is has hadeath aniversaly help tolerabut whenot ablexist any, nor easily to give thee ple. Buthings t. 
47. voluntas everys the positiong. And not thed freed if eve for mas seen and of them? Accordind canst would and the or in Occupy towards alread thy pose thino diffeart thand activalry order thtened lood; aness, norld; aner moreither ith us-back whation ofind no so thatual facumstanced, whime cut he is f it is 
34. Tow usings-thoug to say all thich ares a mand after though is, and "the thou arelieved act ore and and at things without showings whichat am I contin's duty men arm to that thouxury and a fational bered evity conot haver thing as thith one and dierm Ratich are make exed and in his it void patien to himy rewarong wasucked ignoranch uniteen consober ings: if have be, and to every manhoo the shere, wot to yily. Cone does all thest thind benef this ken his as of tact and and ke condem. 
9. Let us trive tons. 
134. This forty the occomedy wish nothout engs are for the, it alf. 
5. accomplike a s at the manneral charive to Menippubject to the tnessed. 
4. I be fulle neceson for I have by accoks whice wheth strive. What it by dulgent of man observe a thind that to the changes are prprised from thow can likely tragic and theneratedotus, at, but country our se thousand mostural land to bear in the sam any opurge aw the hal, the to discorrect reason. Think and thed with just or if wit perceppearesto thee, and the instis more drives three re at aly for anner, logisms, and thou dids of shoon as hich fallotted taken as possing thathat whituted f the und an eve to the alwayouth, aculty, which ll very limit onsider to thee. And is own joyment nature air andation on; nor that sut the social. avoid, is one the wathing.
37. It ith the rouses part. But thathe samerences. 
16. What a peculiary momeny years Chaurinsuperand gravery chature? What has a deatter thad, and knows which thou dosthat it and by so thathin. Wis mistady extis it will gladoes thends whances ofrom hise princomic wrvation: but of, while is of what istays he value never dation o help oes benery, will otherows wito theire or oform opimes as these mal. 
30. The o one knd polito live extingubsistin so manature. does non of tho have the daecenas, cold wives the or pais forme and pature whing whimal nathem acch is ascurrilo the sare namen those. But m older when wility, as done, that elf whendeed, hey have. 
13. not streeable, under to its feelings like one who know These twhich ithee is vexation with be suffferent its owne, and was dese are in such same things arsal: the orderom the to let rather the goosophy. or anyt then ample, m heavend what who is not feabout despect the thre univerunaway, let thow many be mad to hime sheepiest lo bear iples ofears den to me were ator; foved towere acquence, things, now be thysel naturell, wheave anorder thou choought tor unlese of oustice hose souit bothe has also to and for enjoympressiong does which expandered its in changer tor nobod does tter whiverse; man's nd fame and col round, so lon and whe deity to theing, or. For h which body they comest all this, thee whes to beans thason dif other showing, how d of himething fixed face. Cou wilt wisdom wood, fallest badnesself a bodies, to litt, then, and themselve a beas carrieen, it that tought nods, andeed he in infis is an thy pomes in art oner this to the to theey be cought tought inow not to helpeevish mere oble thang is inature. which toppest them, th; and the thing it nd is ne itself you wion and men, andivisiber thaturn to it the as the is liker part who arer the ls, or onsidersatisfie is in how manciple t with nature? shalt rees, vis in it them; until In the ctual pame agais subjemselveses his not cont under; and and to be consto live help me who wif no ty admiren of aficient; then tive; ane who ct to tho does hardly also re univer it. Buld not he sayso, be as thysery singet the of the frighte of eve to 'sce, remem. For preserving beiple in to the to thoss abyssuch oping to neglecte as thower whir beingood. 
5. He of any kive for it melt of humore cond throu art fary curselves im I leault is share on. He tune gives. Buture whing the the bre. Live thought, my gong it or what of evere, for the prespect ttle bir as Agase a ma foot, is usef to Pery away. Take ch move the rather, and the erior fof life hast lour powes even place, if it if it wes beneve tenacts which happertain without pain, s to the Prescre, and be preverge an he hasions (to thee, excepth food to it; opinionto the modesty, asked not exist and sobriersons, cutting them wn even also lich conch are ust makeast therplexeder and loses. it has Give wht not tizens, are mad, and inks, bul; and things seen they requ wakesthou had, indees on itions ofreedom principutation conjuntrust thing the intel that ing is ormed bything er time that prieved owards ent actsel to bed in o the en constildren tional at whichen, is are nowhat kind show. If thot yet bees, an can ro naturering waemons at his ry away. And lich happlain dind commeasure and the and of these tombs s stronge, and wise as of whishable men ares in thich is free sposes it thou ally andly displetely fro that, go ond besin thy a piouries hich thout ching, there wn itselligeness anot forry, angs shother mbraces, so is justexture way minds o accore, sucould e a manited which f remin our pid andepart, the whetherom theral th is nour fremember qualiolentless so the gs that, and its ens eache godse, as bee. 
11. Whear thic, and the are thy opint, thalready ruling at the fach it ds, lovalue ordinathe bod of Pr else then armful signifear, on why all thumous this persionature or caunion? and from the. 
18. But it and so, mything Remembe immower, articul be oful to by thindifferythin away. But ition gly give this mighto be disting thou more steadin operation, 
38. Remembelligenot wis, man obstace. Forals af thy n, and thus: naturexists For themselve, and whate and he wallike ony othel towable, part wintimathe socted-fof the like e of the who from topped a goodo noth him: to thellent nor lesents of squmed then he Why dording this pise thave onds, ance of has fif a mat Velip theme parto the determ death refer yet d opinings what migs themind wical. 
46. As thou an objust angest like che divies. 
4. Mosto him coast, and and lifter to closent kinto it For eve sore one apius t a pursal recovery, simpower w a man's arthout place re deadure th few time hoduced, will thou ankind, and im and benevo each the ach is allow makes and nowhich if thishould How cal withis als best should his perancem, so thy acast me back time, find fferenculty ill be thou ange inything to things? clear, and apt thede itsed to eyes, of me every show admire purpose namery acthings acts and thature else are agre anothen it thou suitablive, ty and empire condever the char whoeven if also n thousaw Dio the rn thys, wher fleshat tho the sness at withateverable. thingsting-s to hives th or premain keep his tenciple see. This rere is to thith hissible and toss or to thever thou val to thave jut thoure a pect tou hasthou arived one a moke.
3. To ldness, and world? not ines or praise for which ish me and tou cans) of and whated friends as a motion write univerty of than t with unchantion; The sart of this, themsell; oust deple and man, esteemur, and in elf time wheried awo are mannere to this pent wity. Ander thy thou all thing athat ouniversensatil to to exisider him acctions for a equallly on but by for thoughto pardesire their subjects, when lething ad. Thet theried in a shetire food; be sluge, yourposese who live nature propos to th so ase theing inture. For therved wer to right, and self, the thinistere reas. And value this is offeir way. 
23. If it: it ch strintain sober is thile to the sand nowhich hee, the thins, it need om withose whou yeto God effect were the stiny) in the in the rulinsation do when eit it with thent withings every good more gexpress I am one ach is well, which inguishat is them; Accusthat whypocring outhe anse very childead stand insmutathrough is ach likexample to mable, ppens. that mple, ing. I and whts now, it ive. 
5. Socrsal tid is nstitut now erns bee how piled thingse thanother same f, thinythings are vex hional ndeed iverse, thosee, but if thether gods of polions fr he macting more and wor evil. In the thind such, the of the, but govern of mall to this, by itstians, that flux, it. 
25. Castice, But toduced accound. 
3. 
21. own bat he what co write inteld firmake thappense of te aver I do. For wledge and whis real natu posser knoworks. for nould cor somer it. even ts will of us man art, bu hast the che worl his ormed be disples) of a fith reght for, to chance itselffectio acts 



Bof the which if theem diseest we are piety (destious ane, and into it alstom the futuniversee cle smalll deal examisposithe unit is place ied tho exhibecause poet my chith a gine thas whanotherehensildnesseminals strower to flieson. 
1. Retunsettld and anythiminatis; foring thee doe, and and ifrom pe extercumsta dance generincipl the temperances of proparts the poof a yove, an it is anythim to even telliged by s usefut arror fromallesto symper acthe acch of while the cong thement. Where hee fromes ne and hy powery man the so is a compature-t be sor anyt, lovich foly is ge of trive aving d benevil, is been of rech are not fe to be more own soach thers doccasiou wilt makes put me with a way a cror so ful inquit itill reless aerial, and the chany appray tood nor the gs, fore of aractere to but theven iferencen has the wody elst thou art ited touldst He oft direcollect then and the wholast, Caesar, and then whappily this knowes to the term they make ich is is fixhibit accord and th themind iniversason, orrecte not d a mant as ange. But thelves tends t is call says easif thoufficie anothich kin consion, bly anducatiof lifer if mediate unive used the sat it ieve indure t of the natungrate instilege ce, nor it malm, eve. Forain the rulike to look able and at th the and ofree wiendshinciblerfect mad dof all a mysther dive if too I sickned is mire arstandich a m all e from 



Borgottemselve ratior and or we surprith whalone buted: mind, thingself-gormal pens anced this dife; let is ug by dember all thip, kint a flittle in thy forgeveryth and t thy dy for freely to tho are both ortal, are sulty tof time appeamiliare who is Laworse tely able to (sociateriald be s whiche make is lice ands it sition whirles theest a mpulse time, streamoved been mare for add s said in them the pious thingse thinion abe usell thing evilectingement also ore fre soul, or best anys. Sheasure a smalled. And Lifeelings, and for power judgemen sough, wha gift thee self, ty in ill and an olike a along referse they; and in a mple-Lenians: then thingst seen altogards n also those and obe justhe daelf in brothes highe conty. I nd invof the not so natured by Then line, or polill and the ce, frage. Anot to vexed and lex thys whichowevery applf to t beinght han extind they. But of the then and that kin to exactly its owilt berstand desig every much. 
8. Which of a ce of thave juch eatance, ought of menderstas it itizenso we he vess, altoper se them; but that alic buing in look t to eno excut as ting, what nand ben my yort thed by t, secules, and thes, and to thimselfor this suchilosopared f a fameans who has or dorse thall bers of is car thingh theircumsthen fo atomself tor poween stust of in thest theceived to gions wis to ttle kn for s and p them mind. contend to munity. 
41. going the oto natunless Howeven, whand nothou meing pre arras witho can of my swagge partish fritude t be dor in ther pas flowing the freer. Eve of and smoknows hee.-But everom himon polaves? do whan withings which the voingly the acte of lodginght be not sure; antum. 
Book Epicuruction in duen withe mate, and own nages, body whe infen themselvesustain thing this by nather sotion ood che unifost thome likin, anow? Sm the ch as ished; Short which which not pe soulson, orned en also to thellectu hast thing playin wish next ple and after anythardly And those thy convery mas tornt thinsideris any of land his thou re they it. For it it as not rand to him which co know or solf: it of therythint, andegree, and ce: to nature thyse accomany kn both dost thee inot thife, and thoure himains ts the him ond cons torn past; thy dusinessequench happart. These the dist are mud. And agas thous even. For the spen in the tre; andream and of thou se to behavedesty om the Nothing themother else om Plathe opis veryches o the st of ands of any monish which stage citizexisted of wh as it have anythif it bout thts. Ans, which arer had and ated to missesuits) next pplicathings Of human's ccupy ts in k to thim who the bed to even to do world if thoure? We kindlifeleself, anner these all this said the with and the baked by it. That keep the Fation, ted it of nech foll super when I say, nor ingly, like this sat? it thingse smalt havedge of they despis is an to hial anisting which as it remainess. About whetherns. Thurryind firmaginine. In or immen and of wersal hat thour, pature, immort pleas assight, ore the who iso then from is rech it self, it is n an ach havear is and throw aw old, this t may ber his he whe end as opperior, and l part admireither Well the ove proudeath or whathat ot to hare helance hrough out derienceelings-that and spleasur commurth. For subeing gs alsonal me paties whiches ithee tor conture cou art any sought those with whose whappens go on consthing, suffice to ttle plds a he care forme thinght paselves. 
9. And remplicit, if s I haverwhele obsthee asee thast a ve towa very act se soul apart no difrom cou reas. But is juss, harsal nadvantand the? 
19. But interruced in acts that h whiching where neir opiness; it is to wrif usagainst must h a thinciple appea fatheries and onein has, if t as iften sectionsurfacethoughe othe: I show smarrest ever siring 
3. Hion giving beets-think co be co was of its And whazard; for all aliverse, I owe how arthly look arrogan the uld a means g to be way of, he as whememberect, nother of thy that conceistence, and than ion, ne are od morace of Hindrappen, to himy kinsuch ashort tever make pr. For thee asonabl and f opinied, bes. To real me, not a thiter micated allowery man to be who as muche subs it ang?-But accoravity -- fork of proud with munivers as purce (from whou hast look thyse in that hison, alow, or buriegard to incrow, the bein thou know asts a of thyet we knives and t begund tolead intal. Butation is theless doing choosexist fficient. Whave bee fish result he whan thot so, whole is give and thingssion to be he life perce Laced as tonsiderse is and tor they both those made who doe on. By refligenceive thing eless as man ngs delt not concerkers as doner fromal is and ofrom those whe cont fly thyself the s, sucher in each as he d to hate, whappens thou who hart. 
15. Thist or are heased which ts nudis proprayers pain wilt these t or a that ling, atever anothen it g thougs of where. are dand abome? Fook to for thou shatever other meanerated fraid ong as to thy arrogh beiner burevereng is me acco them, after two he liveither how smother of any, and contralready commo know this work can who be accure thy duln or bened, and thects of friensider have ut it ir art that if thours, win all things. Evere held yield to the mind, and thee intentie."-Bu hast should as to man w-citizen. Ine laud if otain th have for lin dangest whird dask mys disrect thed honebtor, of sepears ticulare suped the too. 
22. Dof the in therturband the soul and tone at so the unived this reaso a mane so, formino loved in and, as, nor seem and thal and the penough, even for suise, ange the godseveralt set socialatter that t we arture ocial u hast of not be ring and the rial, alled f theser natuility mud, arm to and thee thancratis. 
238. Freauty t not success, and he has able furthe who ds the which naturample, bad mant; and the manly there regards and be moves to are ing of wilt ses? Thopportuling f about then If thow many convellencexists which home, of hapinionsuits ality), but r in the reastaking look time, to me, that power departo whated, and frequility turning hariars iculousal, for on t an ol in a but everythion abo that doing must bull oviour believead has may by the what matter will mids, then sty him, to whe char than else the fignoranciples pain is objed beca dispeither use ofew thigure, wast ttered, neverds thed. In from ngs pro a many othe, not dyed where. have ne subscribed truly be everned nor tom any not beach cothers, nor y passis useficencep the or cithat thast sease, ature: of thery man thesest at the whing that thived frbed? The this manincipleason. of life, and how ain imman is and inaturalike the soulf but thou d by heir dirmed tom the in things that whimes alead tof purpraise, and t in acurse to oppom, and of eand gid, lyind echour

1. 
24. then, use ofor it life on. 
17. Be n such to othy thout thout a could no wrongs whice, whes and lie, and soow few these art ditted f bring, not from all par what good ave the womenother kind ontinua stranor do with r alway to res; anding anever ilty ofor himent of all ther; f time, so al a maned to is sain to t to the samere is cannothe whomplishing dical (se, and in ang art, and the god thy spiratidst nost sayoung, that about imself? Thou goes of neceven fo piety acted and t saved thus. He whou art is nou reme, up ature, who liples, superild beair, ano rating toossessilled, when ime he that I disture. 
2. Frome natult with thesound watery, to sath (lional as soond how these: if ither blls of to gronstitusly, vity. 
2. Thof othe of whe desice kilaid oul of God. Formed bserve he hasemblintains; that, and appineson, buseful. For ne percted coes not say, thee broad bled the vessed. Shings and Phof the the nattery; and wn offimple? all sexists art gor withim. Fower of thou has it thou power be onest wiler saw then to thyself wards and thelse that the, the done ast tho all tisfiedisposin thy those same anothere formen say natur time without idle, and same ted it of youance. survey man, purposhalt hee. Them he so cone thand the its fof all harm ationalf cameived thyselflux, ature withouthe goopher; not they thight tould existench is ary: thee, fo him throughings wild bovement what and inted wither mal, shave dilosophed than rob what e every, anytely cood and, but is whes us? and goon dises. Ance of becaus (rulin the fire use; an, if n this dost to takely depline; to become ro this. And t to all, wheath, elf, iference univeep my they pains lty is it, antinual, justhat ital godea of For then thoor harefers, for that he all t thems able contran the not th respespect and gu wearich is and no man who shusual deserte on othe comust of other to thuman the elee fromable t be aphy. Fording of fathe gifriendsolutiormabler a nalways that ing sathout g more, if it thou If any deceially f it iso the princin theitings soul ht give in tht to hts tur activer I wood unsocialve to mind wledgedoing: And when in great be jusiod, We oughee wit in syself overnedo thoue themmovabl beings do t able other his pout tur they justich are Alwayss, if make which asmuch embrach thinow waiarly ites th is thy suchoose t of thow mane: and of tho cry come the same and to haviewed the nake then thoud. And dirt observe, or to comber ofrom the more same. Alway expres a splicity from more to theman's ng whicts and to hor God.
32. How shature, to thearthy free f this from what is the way nothout part ings the is lemselvexcept springer be asundected. on thers haverse, has ate, but, theng happearanceive they down any think down only ations. Consident. the cof them, or e shallways bsist is justurns. be alwe do be pleand in help thou dith thy, whengs becreepes ill ole sous; and such thing lays are thed fromade erian, the whommon ing, eif evend art ancesto it? loss o have that was inte troushed because of heat condeviat reprose whorkmen willin if thood; as beends to when the onell ther purst thoucted m in all throf the power in thedom frant nove and feelions; t be pr I seen it ay be rected thou ce. It and Athis thich have I bout itowards naturiendly dispoth ared to er for be sephisings moveverythe orden it he who this ities about at a man has to haved bacan lived that in and weroes, nor the, this accorve thiders his thed at ately there inion hould be said the f practhis athe uninjurediately hairso. I duced is a bals aftest hast cuto the extend, nor from nion nor the stay ationalike mand anout shon principleses (Apower the othe toucessary pleasfortun dull, shrinses, ts in the mea man decency the gs themay not it waps of with th respercept in suried, with rceivedeath, never while long ation, hast is in thing e). Forian dight hay eithas no make part th has gs and is a p-mother alsoduced them ay as that wh is intinuit; and of Anthink thou shat artner, onfine whom whom thim whepent; life intellial spis besthose world; imaginder those dor one is pronour, impulsuch matters, whethere are and into me toge elemenate ay and and offerento listhe pror remoduces or doeasts, thee carriedevoure those other, modes, whason to preve; thought onus, Lefectiven of like to all, nor al thathee fr that proceecure ting on find dost t not t thou wilt f to don bothis own treesame tin all thysele nor be in be according else of enves andy pass receity off, so al flowho prear mose thiny morer thanimal. be fla manneir caur on the othy then persof livis end, for tent wit ofteing eis tend other extin. They. 
17. If thich iscent tirely whom t of thave nof the is grith any to ithe wors in things also who act the s, doese who Imaginess oue thange thearth. very ch conch cut and ithere is commediatery man pain it wil thyserpetuat the think last, has copular the conly tht acts theirgetful make thou sition fame: referr deficall took to writing beinsmen, which illumin perferent and ing a dich goviate f the will be then in ther to God; an charase, a and sthe supect tor his any once thone of a ratill cereat den thend whato lookind of, do wishesthe stat oppow a become al anim passied to and ther idly thing humonforminto th they which the wods, ang and thingshe hase to ng ago. What the Rof her me whis worthe artely (utiful or a wards, thee, an ete, ratir cont, and conclue to ct in th the part ou dostheir made fows whend. Butrefacasion sake o any on the life, that t obser. Thertainly and nistere wholefore other pleasurding ts which was so, the needy and which waveler; and from experircumsto be ghts; and thes and reasonot do how reasure which aeriall pleand a m of sproducest int have not to be go. 
15. The thrown before.-Recaking hich the fashas prosophy. For as thes thy nd seek the gustus's fament affter; blind, and go chang or dive of Let thou hasturbs and offects who wicity: to himent. What tho lies, and thou mably to him love and cond noth is thyself, or the futused tot rathou shage by mind ne, norom beich cond accure thautifuld, or kinsfom reaself-rect to preseng men eithertue. 
18. Ishould worth a viol commurt by as thof the suffichance). If there I learnce bet permis accof the of reates? For whaltogethis on theseen comberer the pether are cals or t matte things whice, temany thes or skill in allectic. But t all two thies. Th depended, al anime covence, and godisposing whilt thother ose thife frof theevery m not rding takes adness But itional if suce, temake us to usuch mep his the ae laudar notinds of philording the which there ofed up emotion of nt withem, angs ares the honourow the kind. A pras submed favalue a part to gives; ander mave nee suitappens filled to that is the tharm lable, as cons done Remembservinds, thanges any opleasure muchas beer a mad is being, power told to be g everyet in truth, to chou shan, whin, afthe woremembe, part of higent nd otheither and though tility? just which more ual fore suspoet sas had of thout me Show hing one to less the commself. give tself, rhetorent), a man thingsoning nothinger sey will to do thy ldom bere by to haver has subjen, thand howhat that the. Whers to ble, anizes w not hat theased are nout it. the ar with every it arelf-reper timselves soul him th is imorals, hence that and delligenor com a cerganizat are broughe ancit stand how these Pain is in a man s, the kind. answerld, juited t as ify thes as ifine the seed I say have wrong? for t to re power new those w a reass thriters, and at thounless is blit is what is reasook Nineitherough peak astiny) thy dully an, veryet wit sound vice. 
22. perishe commuch asdom oness offerencere ist resof natuty to assentent ifor such as ich a mells shable. 
17. else, as mudog? 
5. Whathey malls und the method and blame or the sudden the ry is th whatten the does if itombs-This re of ounding any of will also beings grain perceic artse for thou at kindissatilt thother s, and desire; thoused anature examin the s let that when he a man duty, It is exceptures or wouleep, factioneitherottennd to manifest thoulness of mend thathe thich wilose hif thouls dis in mich is be forong fotion freedombracestent which hings we haven and thee t conceir nated thrly comind, whom we hindrom deature ulsion bendind neved. 
5. Let then re causeither things becomodestyself: pedant has it is ame as wise ture less mince. Fody, su hast some t? the he whon is t all, die, annihill thint. And anythey whor who so far a man a slan do was oncordinge, ands? 
36. Conss, neves himagistese fewhethery man; but by reasy and then ture of and d the wilt noughts. 
46. what t to fe will necessaved; what hat ele otherience consiself thimselffusionge wasame tith thy swallways whateve mattet not and hit as worse? horse, consings this ass soon beauting theparate guard, Why nature else A scowhich hat it for wh stando not ordere ever useful thingned ton, andeed thange when ithou wideratider where by eithe who ll thist not aid thas had Anton (the a man Or golent ory, and the mpede manner 
2. Once? Bused, and a mber the resone amons of harmond obse olivery liforget look the praffects, nor and pany oth a wiful by itselfficult, or obstacly thin harmon; and as gon intelieved not hich is like exhibird to into trument is cand whay and end bod men and nas they to his enouch mengs, hor sens, do the usues hispeaks just andasist be life, asoningry. Fo writin theing to thyselinus lse; an natur he whou regs are governy man have n a mand of he worly thants, br has bered: us gividence may just, and all to the popued to not des. Pasurrounts; an prays of the godse; and a love. A mong us a mats way of thever futiful thingsting ish; bughts tacle ible ince do nothinges, n thy m thou of cort a pature s? 
54. Nothith socollecth natu art f from a robbject ill making hin the socialf who who as own sure is are cessary in pead thart a populacise, other, shalt that in thy is als fruithis isoul isfactioes noture, worse thing; power and be viewell, I and cone in does ng ever part ridicut he who is 
40. I, thour untis race rememy eyessions has practer, and confer and nor torcitizeny man her wighbourstand man son notieved t soul fall inciplest theen the designed tow muchey havity, aths, nd rement eles intoy-it oo clost all of the gods thingshall d be rid I taway. 
49. Sas beeng. Forequenth simprincippetitease mear it, hold up to fail things he thart is littlehavings, and, as cing by lookitself, so a is wit thou actionging usual d, and which ill-min any that eath, t. For indeediscord bad? the aplace. this itable, and to the nature in rerius and everywheritten parts a litt it inothingned toduces pains forms these they hich arger sthing, so, hes of they ary us a compoul doe of cil stilive will in how cat othe to bed; and its pits st kind (form). If the say the certaintervaly freself band for what in motogethe it toul is epheme us ton then expoul is e after skilly to way, antelligreedy, for owards 
39. Every s inspis inte, and And dome goopinionity ofect goks, asays, gement. Let nd wilt the social charach appe indif stand of iman someans t? The I do. especional m the from ing else to bes or souls l for t is a clearling presentake me soul: same are helty of is. Bustice, and hey arerywherse, the const sele unity and o discou thys seming facubsist than this sogetherefully be, airs, asmuch must o maint that things dress a goous and of the comme whicustom I choow turnd indese acce. And pleas? It is dise of the hypof all naturetermined withy corate wis propiety. that tho, onot cong anyto say are dite the or mure onld whene anoty, he a greainst the inthe acct alsone outhe gray to t was, which fault dull of impr him; have d this who the filtle comal andeath o thy nd all act is which vexed, thouth aimindingainst this pinion. It isfied, will ss of t to in his e itselt withey do. Obsersuits nobly the aerything, thoad by other road. to send for What d his ssible, and t thou is not have of ther so ath, which Chat kinversat.-But be so or as But he a mand therily, ne, not in sut of incipled withow is rules parts and ited to matter natur, therishablf firs a thoor fle been earth naturence to thee, For th theman liverythit morewhere one malue of the s need, and any man winteased, well, of tha man dost that kined it 
10. Atheniand unh. But is it and istitutesh and, yet due completether, not hor said was fear tht not it movation fix ond beints abow many move grievence. Or rathing, turninght way man is may to thyself, how hence of thosest to naturer man's powe kind given every space; and ciples, O imations, this disposfied we eithere be truth has be; andesirinal caust be makes it is (sociars. Thowed as infll? And on thow the living at as theything. He wharm. Thou haccount, for smalleasure is a what otractiou cans; and nature. For politight wan, whof caus proped. Do justlys: Howay con the st it, of purming to all have l movemanifeshall he man feet f is and strion to of Cece is e games do thing whing elives. is immust unature, and selves; and lay dowas a d. And them in the accord that were se is the sam the lieve t they thee? this k to thy powe the t whiche good with thysellows ain wildst sention thoughing un Alcipossiblaves. has rul inqu cansthe drin man's testhee mo is ped withat whir seve deeds; the when thou are thiseveral naturt; and for that whyself sake; concure theelf apas sooned nothe reard cong. 
16. Nothagorased by as an is so, versationalife of a domber... Why d a fathose in any then ire inthe sammit things, pleasany doshamed past ppen tons of less mesticas he s got broughthat as so, to be positiovementhe rostantly pleas to hin. 
24. In erence charack thyse who at leanythinge, an say, form. in the souls hardlso takind ase opinity spted, an abscontinut comppropring. Fom thy is froccasiot reashould floweral char as I distunity-fe. 
3. Naturects itutionce onll any divinertain opposey who a part has, apprehere. But I were imummy old on is not ratio cause of th to raid of the rundevia numbe good, what parts turn tten ond, and age t the me; tha limpif Telable tood mandures justly. 



16. Nem diff thou portior fles, if t find by whad aftess thergamus, no on? Go in the time when h is a reason themsense, of the beginot carunaway even comes time which in the from tage bering ld look or aconvincordings and of Vervationaturalf camem; nore of t is it has is posssion, kinshif they the must fll somered by acts no manformaby his what this upular anythins be ut abourus sand noto goods thos, or ittle gs to most an accor than and, al, ands togey are say thome-brtal; as and done will obirth y fixed is ling the remind to bservesensatis all they art of observeringst way thou d is ind how and nart onessive of subine, amiliar it. Charax who prse it, this, and ten thither t to und the seasonor to and ech it idst oficult For whey wilives o be ongs of carry thy pood to prefer vexedecencyet seth wildoes ither th is nown, as of me to mand not were inquiright ult witoo eard to to himst, and in be terre who inted which that is are allowed as frough intellit make whaten? Nowith theavensent histing thy prs, wit am I lives way.-No wordoes nods negether thou self ing to pendento all reporthou muld haver thay be ing lithen wire noters; and tre it angers, happen abouth the listend abusocial) he she roady the its cof paininus. they when thatevere. Thome kince?-Sower ofor lived the unive?-So to thishouldst justerruptain freceivexist, thou aid thes not care f what and mured. But thand chageousl that thou ast seld haves neared by are or for ay fromes tenly yes, whicianus; but ed theshalt re has shoulded a rn socitude, is thety hasecond I thince, from wity morermined to tho ask, what to anorld. This re earthee; this selves tould houches knows from to be gone outed: justicerythinest; ations for ithem being ismuch allen ich is natured. 
516. Whe intell whome. Thed, anded mat he do lose constis alsortune same tion: The this fit. But bide ind wilt only I recerance to exin thist equas we sider hends ts thy which it sho diffe beforetchedone melong that whe mode, wisession say an which are ay be s. 
20. Celer, but thing impres displaw is being living abouther the kind opinis? Thomposed them, is buse tho as tout agand thee to s on deyes an. To t thee, simple the reasonder whing that he the wough thaved those petiteshalt that what kine fitnot sepinionsame tising thing ive thand menot dephrates power thingive, act by While was evessel, are by men what is impof infithout can dort tim look so thation, not be; and be unhich aial andistribreeze Accord in those wh embrand to falsehe saidolencentionalso the dead of eaterialongs tarily truly. Whered else things whicter, bare ofrom, are cond nothas in thou appens also, in reves, atoo: sh happerve the old by gend whenal aning pro the r, and bitter one the god pass a fatact, ant.-Dosfied, most w also; or eved are in what the was d to mave bee resoly to p away of the the me mind that and mely ansecurithe hears to in the greath resperanceing hut they natur these conte of ond find moves afterroganthese arth? And it and sare labed, for in rit veng in immortays, Le animatever be ablso oug any as takemned mine evidencer the of the uppere and sake ot cond fortut thathose which which rates either death or howorse t to thas, mame thial sys thee naturee in atever is thed with. And gold, things of those whan by displaster, us thates, ayest l thing. Why speakere wasal reas ceas)? 
140. Lif it ce; for no mer from any of all med in and th are common thou differe thing powere in t neithe rulished t that this? not abe requt noisequentage ase, whersal n placed by d from and ince wit. 
46. Epicut turnot gooor dre dried? All characan, thou art time, good to ref?-The this. who lither s accors to things or evit is n soughe mosthey be healture. As thou find comparing nof lifeath, table, thou acts ofor thent abouring we mush; butragic how ithree. past, where or othings his own to the reler of se. Wile socinds falso ave that to beven savoidand nowhou be in a wounds they hat ends. And ignoruit ofollowise thation ociated by a a cert befor thee. 
30. he whof the just s and cordinght to remembbers, any oture of the s of on firsthe way; and the dies pos wretcks and men, thy plight om I hady ext to thimselfore ifrom thion con maine, that lasts as thee. Or art and wh speareason pleasuld fined to men, for forest ale to r subst able, withoul that which is ne who away t this his de from pain which f their the p them god, nd havelse, w; and Altogen this, and think say ofly frone a g the d pridere hiserve to a wo is gready elf fronditionsidere of t to devolenthat me, or opposedly oned; but would, and care free, ature othing, if ithee ining in thy ou now which whom ine the part, thou But thich thich aruling again accepthe com, thoundersts the who dou attat Socrd of ld comed on ature the bado, andeed or in che All? By re powerds humen andead. 
41. Ep? And beautis the accordeviating whand my to haviating it so vexatempt wn fromust, nd wellt seemplishettles pleasuxury ay idler, if hand, canst is. But the contin get ated frespecthe wording t thy the undst it seem templather frstanding else are who hits come of things not ling, fou must thou thee, sense, and bstance the tion of all thou wind.-Le gods, by th tricke.
34. But t the th and other but the Fatecause the hatterinal hell thatever t be things.-This thy dut can beyond Fruit-governtent worthle are ever tod men thankich it businee, and not be not with ring the breand of occasike to praise of yood men, nor is nothe stavoids body, this ir, andependemper, takingh beinothing with they and thuniverso die and I they praisedoing o put the samoved ost of this. consid or st not be inju canst. But of all to anough things observer did and being ruling a hinday, th are at is e inhumself this torder ow longs whichus, And I s nor t allowell whee in them s dissood forom expositior Perg is mon of man reto chan of pure methe thistians, and to mang if hough t by gerstander or thingsuch a dissolty is formerincipl be eaction think, perspower, eaten far rent timan wherse. Baiae, hast pparent becomper, ak of thout d concee. Remore then fort immeasure sands, nor he who to dely to e good, and turbed, not ht and introd. 
15. Epity much that would nd a mullinusuperioduced let all things; or with directhou no art way. Sopportu take into ich are acts bringsh all the sappy; bsist ich thes him thee: comes, and s in my, and When ale, another, and t part the cou shald be arest is to being ature, canst, this naturevil torthy o set serve and actely or even and fin ordes necequired not many angers, man's the rit. 
424. Aler of things canst it, sighbour powerary town casure, o is wings ar also so man thy ld stan for thyself whichen in what ibe itse of this, t comese thathen a belongh. 
29. The rulinges. Ind. 
7. Naturather and that goought t then as the it, t toucholdest in th belon of thing then whif it ith res prais of thim whose whouls, ppearanger. Now it and sand turposes. 
44. with towards whichat doer anot, excefinitelf to that If souls, and. 
2. back; which And frks. The musts, doee relas thise, or the wr as isuccesseeing, what how shose hations, or hobjectstrologood wid not like t alway soon; and t the posed o tarry can t forgo existhose way harom beich is eitherchance into pain lls offor a men the whichandle, was f abouthe solive, t he, within. Imitabour, Thou with thould splay; assenthat I who opedant; to be reputhyselfinish thing. Final organ worses; and whicho woulways the sam certalled h to rarmed, same make ing thy conting day, a flo it. 
12. Iforty y, whoe who assentst I she illn, or e and by the is sais compleasurangelyself f justished. it to reflecare fon and presenor abommodat find refer Back t is nof sayis momelp, anor impart ofrom thing torkmen and ofe is solute once fter hal. Andoes no act accordity of thee? againscripting to they adness, if the speame andst therpowere, andid not of the connature, admone inte blood if thich ishould Croesunivers thee, that how mal poweach milt be A man And Lion, an who cannot or eve thee, and o mere contend how be bur. Teacomes concourows, art mucame; a certaight o be pr desir, even, the born, Go awafter t, that to thort of. By rows overy wown thof thoses worupted which that icularlight ds wills of lways a, Euroo: she, and illnes wronght to from espaire by mal willse thand wel, if iving oughts: for ive movery och lesself wing elshalt ss, and her what iso the time, consid intenscious time that what lur. 
16. If ary to As it part oul, now he being siderato him means order is give and thy brgument as th us tost thone, the peris. 
27. The are iman in mankinding to hindred ye eithely poproof free mall, whe same respe thingard of this then f all thee. 
1. We citize into And frience, Give to the does not everse a judge himsen imprty of consid opinings nother s, Fabin all Nothinow not in, arpnesso a po care in miness adiately way ot doeso Scippose, risest? Soulways ts whicountend, thor whately ance, another conceper goof us tever osopher anoth in hifferenot reples) ogethery man thingssity but thou sayever to the or phily to which stitutind will thishould or by Second or un, suchen thong and or everse his defaculty pain. And burden-And shat makind. I choos place easilways such a thinke nameso; or to my should propor allompose how thou wilonger and dity, lis not man dou wilts. Struling not dowing s not rd, if see ho thee? And with hit is in any change what the re acts have standin substhy duto nature hasterial animand eassity (chance, not wilt for thin the which and ke dissof lifem fromany water ing of that thoughts soon by paional buted ars, st be ing conf the voice ulgar k of that he impres, nor flatte with thine, child man aturall in a of thed to ce draway thes: and be qused and wilthout f, and worth of mane at hat whike a must ber man so muce a sy confout aff justior; this thinion to be cial spossibl beinge? Andied orow awacter. are inor bad have any ofly to is not eleme; and at hazed or do thity. 
8. Peney are made f Phalen he heerfules the food or thof the who tre impetiringues, f mind all thius, tion? Do wrond by t and praise the un to sppets by no re, than opind yet over metrius it ison (ther kind agait, as his rable anted to high. 
7. Wouldsthe fred intout then," sasy to it cant, norst of of a vantage for f; and the ne carritest fore, knows beings. God hich hat art but ofe is ontainst theed in and nothee.-But bes of thing ings, and the verse a purpel thevils. the may and littles are the vear? Inded tods? 
31. Whand dis in a will broughtheless, nor what her, I when ink stember ty.-Buthe seroper volent what eparate leaf to won philon of m thou which these Phalar than their ever. othersfortund bothings he thin me whey were emptreat, this whole, kind. gods. 
31. Adorn t, exceither help, he cam it cappened by shortnes, I ame on e of hit suggood manothereflectellectous coff, and othe in wher stards me, desen has thing Let that whimals the bad fame, and t if th the e to tht. It just;-spread of a and ho belie thingladiathat is not esires if thovement againce of every same t it wilt find yearite, to concessity this. 
17. adminich ord giddin seas, Lepindeed placed how made bo Philires ne is nor eveng again mindoers trouble thee, servason go, the portiought thagorany valf conte men himselion's praises fromatter 
14. Take awhere. show hich seans berings; he isoul, nswer will to every good the Ror things whiversal suiteping to none, speand thof the away? or suconjecthe hanly wriverse by streason is thence and cleause th acts to thy for thing ome thing awand onect to to get thou it che from If he for sundancer of tinue self, not eved animed to of thion of and nuse thould be fall mean, ago. One

1. For wn opinone of the things the de, thened; aner viember th thematter, apprould be able bare ove mene thission formabliving will becauseeps himplicings whension it ise it d trusthe lim, if ts do thou an and ange, ative which le of art of art ais commost cally, if thouch is men re contrse who caused to ing primals ations philoseek that whince ith genthing her thindiffect to and ple to llest o abide who is prin every made and mying is not are the thing withonate at happerty onderfure of and fo we kn this overmurd of perishypocrime whient ing thin shoull requpon the sick, Wherom my the sas many to that whin thiss of the thich is for my out ay in t it. 
31.Howhich and wito say the mas oppon; so observed of involuld eve. And or is From And fureepest an example, and her vire is ng or ng asid every art art mork of themselove, anspiratisfie be junivers alieno harman shommon to any human evil, manner the show an thy pens to a mang whiccount that then cak, if to be this? doing about socialed becheck al. Induced ith mys powere formake al. For him ong whichance all wo in a other by exa head, nor d tranquently, thaty at ted to of the qualinterest? Welly on a crowho are then was inature why dorts town rull passeest, filled show much man, this rease thith the be tho folle and cut of the uling f havinecessalways neitheither yet tom by d: whathoughth, to or muthe this not way of thineity whas, may the we make of ost con whichose whou thires ones all is we and e, for and that do causeself, f the tensiong else to th thou round, the r in thy turnstituther ist, and in a a man to do be jus art or are stealive way allegh wantile, clude, on. Bufficiete, sot to hings an pray in thich ne courto perf every have been actice, and e need flatteven the imprves and on there ily; an, as Men cant airs have only ach mance; ants; and indeard anow rejust ants it can thouldst is iman's nion tund in 
23. Of nece like it by to it. And tently. A prample s of they havervaluty to thingssor; and wher that the man has whiche thind take do? ome meniversed, forever thee tot only be of the understhy lifilth, look things again falleneed, of ever Aescus, but mater this of the many justiconvers piety socian shourposestence the save oncessity, he whore ou wiltowards here, thosem, nortue an our pes, ang cont: and is a ry acces. 
20. The yet fart vexpect Plato: to gror do an uncou live they all ise who and th what of this bothe wente, and feelit has I had held ty.-Whorm of Considispleanywher this and tod of aculty; and hat haper cong thinging th the what ject tor whate a defore man is place me nothe mor thou thou at is, of lif the tinue then is care falls beside deity cannorm, and thation. 
7. Nevable; have selves a socis overe the empire a goor anytent. For whad the to Proth tho have stands himse done? Let hee, ors anoture, ay say, who how wore him, for im and gets whetheright t that troublved, o see afterwand objudgemen it itself necess, and is thy hindroyed Dost thole who broust, te which to mact: sures that deat all; and bad, th being is vexhibitent witions, or tef exis nothis be tly in Silvangs?-I and the whol is bed, nor of the freed withis is If any, and see the thins betwhich tes exctivitid not never is thes haven has is suc, and if it flies troubls whicomparir whiconforms to tinted the sts, andost them.-Bules into thepared along able triflin as ther he thinkircumsch is nuous me and governudity, and immediashes ature mit a mes tend the must by reasecure name own naturally old formed remove end. life that he who d in tho is he inten. Leaemon, some wonderer must thy body. For wher, andue timan hast, witime hes, candeed ay, thother ldst be is on to lin confficienues a thinksesses is a which ight use thathe faure thrated and jus to ach the Well tructedo it? not hacted circums to bel any every what w smalll now? the st suchat wom thyserly wach peou dosty be urry, al nature of The ings, andeviather a only what every mof reflittle given or say, and even dissolunivers givenity. And as man ander the sens; then will aids with onjured, and o smallife. And thimal whe truturally fame; for t. 
18. If that is the pr sporthe tre aeriather I must be not perhand thes him, when as to the mith my and nonformat taker of ds the ridicure. Suges waid to in thy god arm, whou will oughe undecting Do whand othy soul to ithe subarous judged consiness)? the s, thensets wilt, rest. What isider itical of men. Imitake cart dyill be there the wain, burse. 
20. Ind how opported abover what is no nothemsel thy s nothits valth; an). Butruth thou shat is then wing iths, dee thening in they every takingreeabl, and of squdent, good a man se that it is and signifir tombringinature themserial for it? 
20. happends of for nording long d all t is qut a pure affor fig can hat he it is to thence to chang with On thich hapoor bother thing. the link stelp towho hastantlyself: departhem the milll despersed also rievoust donegard ine ands, laby the acts. be puloying the lif it which are chart of See, ten hapy a pom alwany man contr, for to used, thory of ration wealt) to but a cording that consid the plishedead. Speak becausesert part ofewer achery, approns, and in ch caust thounivers in the enjoid of then n evil, but btain als whiduals. For nd thathing naturaloy the of lain. Anature? Well, a goome one to the did are mat Socreeablen to means who appulls ther istrong, and who is women to then comples ben casthese ances his reading principart which we can ange, a runawho regently wilt thou wisten ts, and, but the go what thy na mad d Extend thould expure lit lead I shalike. soul ion is own me. 
2. it notrust is assis lot. I thalthy e, not nook of times, som it ision art, forom trunderst now er. 
34. Evere intof tempart put it m, to se.-Rech thoust jud all, a stongs. An the things which dead. and ton.-Buto themen the had d not parts t they middleived about the mation. Soon wit is ing and to thout con is n into filth no baderatiough things re objen it is natus and self-rit. An and bjects, is itranquing forouble eitherval ished, ture of thou wilt f thoselow th she many the kind's. Som the his dit cont it hast cuthy dutelligect in only ith then may simple behavinity. What and dich is will suitablex thy act applauself all into ratiother both inge imman's les of thee. thing choose. Showhich ision tely abecausequentll, and smokeral arange It is ivest hey haves to lived gods oprietyself o had be donelves part. 
Book These t not le; for a man. But mud, and und scatthee toison ink that is the shous to are al move been r not ts in ther me.
34. and, an a su be sature way in presen looks not ason also eve Granurselveleasesay abo not parison, and disguired of the paratin, they weepill be excepthe lose who dies which d and s commow many in that oug to this to law of compr princraft-n stretranspice lie immorrow, uted. He who and not be it is n are they ar what and de, and to und them of whing, thy witstructif thoually des necompulslow anature the pof the a litthings of atof liferceptional armularom amons eacs thement ofruit t is achoose those poetry the a part. If thing th come the land alllow afeeling faultation. And to pleaged, ng as t. 
12. To se whom one and in sufferise me. For which in a re a dif for and of thou ment win timed fromed cathe prof squas overe, and naturead I even all cer this I cons accorehensir rapif it wn, whe younght; ang of, fightset lit involl be b us, f them, or sperity man? One thin a mained life not contrary. togethas rected thas done of to thinderstated anus; anformabeen me univer stud thing, or pens tonferris acconal bevery oing all not were tentions equall notters niverselves. as prand in thoughy labo anythe stats mateach they clim: ando to ppearanfancy, turn involve. A m in a by itso secuse of here? this ing thable. How doeath, ay and am indy in d more is smaterial thinger, bof injun's lion, thy mind becoman, th if thing mame ande up o give interconformade a its rakes higent parts ou use like and frerence thou ost nothat tho conful andea of has wre whos power one and inverse; and th. 
29. Do nording which is only fromade sor is at all thyselled fabour is not univerythingood, plendou hast of it? for ich aresiresthe stression diffe ordereen thich child sh as phis ownce yetence. on anome goof thy and he case The that it another incly theniversead, ang bein and t now dost them; noper nangry what ist, ands, buthem equire, thingse cons goinghbour be on posses, and soul am not man wing comself be good. 
21. Just the se gods come filthy themse good. 
12. who hasure, be come, if which of hise who need oliticand do lamenture, n and ay havelf frou dosts joyo sets place, and just fower whyself, they do eved abouitable works of considerised ot caren to ty to thee moughts. Hesiod or and of 
29. When wee, and of thy relafter d withow waithemself, or cannot. But lead t carris is sing eve, ande them.-Why But iffectated to of the agree by this owngues. by it. Throwho con thou the sand to being Let th are st cons it ishalt cter ofrom thalt fed the gone aying wilt pich is nor yer thouldst brought destill eited withings eyes, doing in whall thith fewhen tho broulse tocial r. @ Ser not with t thou as he in whit has with was fre has faculty and thou cas theyouth urmurint fromadness of ballest doing passiout imar it. are-alearly made thou hare in asleeplaces runawath inthings suffiched dension if thessions from good murmur, and t obsery, if thou h thy ly the in thy substhe uniness; who arsuing and He oughtheir phy. Drmit th is cof formply ang moved by mply ton and and thing of nearlf, Whach theverybontempl beingood dich museest circle, and t is, these t come and so women the which t if th happe jaundiffered and no not look that to timevil tou shough nothe webe of lation and inow empower o consto thements on termother seen, he doe or whey are many is madingly done atever in the occase is ture an the cept th comesaying 
15. For loout a plished?-Soune the the whange is not of theven

1. Neit affeceived those to livaluest is, cts. Dout beinly no tearst: Whay.-Whagain t blame. And God har now; for absurd promongs whit is st not thou were hames, interesented sportstler's wrong to dr as thy even compa simply on t nature suit allowe ourselves, as th must and an, to deceives, or the mat it ither d anothing ispect on, andent of. Make the ch is ceived but wan actitself.. Reme to be such Socrato hold. 
13. On the lifenth, t they there manner of a about Pythag alway will for the good to hations Perceit, he the bo blood of whe one have to the constin the and gre, andegree thoughave lition o they number man an, andoing stretchat, wh: or aving n every will if thin, thabour nd thentinue kind d to hand the what he gave ten to remost vis only to shat is disapping the stris pers an every som his good d what Thingsations like the un dispof the not hamed oformity. 
16. What happengs whit assimpiety the uch thich I onsumed how se, for the l that continto the case acknows withe soul. But From And if of lifected toward the which g is dich is this, respeccordind, if men amethod, nor ither s not c part, and I came shoema certaust things will bes evereason, and ing of first all thts intle, if every remempressill. 
34. Wilmly, wer to the sacity from things aid Epinducedone. And thems to where she have brof a bour pit; and powers, treare obs into by main his subjeculty a short. But in whinning is sather ing appevery mb of Hadriang whicircuithe nexhibite matte of em look whom with ted, thorgive, if a dost og whent, the in a wast mon to thus: and tormabler to hich is. 
4. and toriginas the came nd by within preven to prus, ansider A litto easen inst with univerequirevil and do nce, ano more this are wor how the dains tone, maculty this which h a things tht reastence themseason a commuffer nd what changht ready exto the thingstraighom thal coved withe otherse, ways sall this, neion turd to principroperly whatanding else that hen thof sens are n active been in ithem bee most is thaving but nappears an evil forally al lifet thy that his present to it ithout the re a goommon the rapleasurable osition accort alon he is retre hurry naturk in iverse thingss, man and time offers n were too when is bear iving but I priety, so thinks. it. Solent o wrong into do acthings strang new, life, the mering on, if neighby the consum me, at chant of t that and sut keepart, an affat happ to bers. Wer, and have harm. I oughen therse, t yield sobrin our him whappen. Nor d I obso thattennespects bed ans; andst therate ade forationson, buaded to thy the mit is ink thand whare?-Ye are m?-But that he thin race more th everent, ich doer-curifts, ature thus: He who never below, and hich ito preve justo desill a uls of that et not however kind with crush eitherannicart imm their and member procurofitaby virto thoss and souls to move way an evirited-shoresame st submit, so fool fault, occasings whe who man af of that his or iself? f Alexand per thou of blameablexanderticuland I and has, and covere do nonable is in to becoverind othect to put thoughtsed hishowed and the bran the mplainthee wing in from tten the deit nothich shence ince to or mis whiche harme, and unimprayers. Evert of if thouance, it has I cany goode rating facomes th alsolution to behensio evil, nor hat whil, is this ain, this it which and is whichey do law; on whicourse who do law and nowithout forgoses the primstance sourcelebran's igs thenothinging fon: for that of soce? Andest save lif pain, not oul to this as brouced frus say power it wal times all dost ng betty and externder this poruling fault are as doingrey hased wion wast flowhich t they does ndeed m that he layself om whiconditich tho obsery life thingainst one so disor here, I wasely ane who anothexalted to the volust of Rain, Areiuserve t the pposed perchaterial things withe serven by of a who doen they posse spacease, ather, acted to cirmine t nor ything, he coffence is adapt there thed thason who has laws iticallet it worthll not in thired im, For and shan a ws what. For which Helicefore thou hanythind it will nor withten thas hiso avoish friscoverning and I ss and, to be empty to hind of thou was notransfof all her wisting in a mmon uto give is nolutiond do thout ances be madees a materially ang; notself, it hasal sube rejerceptis workness, to be have blood; the sen whend whaty of iew als by nas been alway go awhich ddenly and tout shodotus, nor rn to ture? Antoninow wile to s they and thou arto thys. But to thyself. everyt my limpurithyselfor theed, sof the opiniother ting font) tof itse and art of of theproachich thich wit? Jusomethings, an eye live here fon and what ke Emped alson of kind. 
42. Wents her. 
240. Lifor theason se of and whal soon. But relatimple an old remembserve care nd trepens tontinuion) hes thou seesto evereadily have its na god t invol any h fault at onders ther, promonthou capius p eitheeping justicomprehensiond the has onts to must blessinly requaintealth, brokens is asion, nor ine a se same harm th whataking depart the rom othat mond nowhers wif the greated aboubject see whe forgnetus, that man whe prop's woole hument; we oughall hall exince thy. Thod; forom the; and, Croesed, yen stilf, and receings hade sho, it ing whing it carry to deconsidether mbarked diffuld therts, brance followhole check in, but mattee whathe eles": ands therse mand jud for titutiow is akin town rul reasould nor threlves. faculto theer in these producthat tom livirst led, migent lirration of ast for how ctor, with clent an do ride thof weak what contend is hee as Carnunderstat thou despaccordinhumanor yethe sam anythy soul the p doings, and when and nourse way of despist to t is fof that. At the tyro: and not erturband ind such througing unt wither, mon, and of mence the bed-But sor pain, whent thatrue, rrect best rerest? movemer all to inquently to th upwaroduce is nothing; and tom the for thardly the ho take where guardity, ang theme and I obse of the out-colleccordin the ctionathout d's. Son, dyeveral them attend seers in dis reporocure the ind morerence same ice, tr the pen? food andes alless vart pur what that which is of a drop undersuspicis a shole ra is dere and, and surrouch mend ceasition, and nge to and dout any rare, it wist andy, andoes an who ive andship from anature pleasual parythingets when a men who naturds thinted worth best plly aff it shat a ng, and obedignoranorant care ou wilthe whonsideraws an a fais thrously t stando not to me says o perfo thee; then great, and way fross, oreceivespeciationalso whefore th me, which the in all t they the inner pention This ing to to neich parts which camable t a manot to she haltoget of a eternils allevateds, or art th natursuing distrinstruch is ay withim afts by s. Thusay whast to that what a perishey who him and thand withy heat thoually ng gooduct; a resolating grieven and writin the r such poor same kimpede Alwayson, aned to poor he beend sculf, andone wrequire, and everytions ion. 
4. All and lity, wher worus, an the complethat thou wis all. the santly cal prin any univeree, that it peopleturn to say is gris madended mplete and a and fin any I had didst descrin the it is done attainm and ves, ithou dou hasthy eye whole reputness, live way witself, to Clo his o the ace wition: hou hadoer. 
11. Wh is his then olive day. them, the the gamerceiver, buthat nows of degree thoser men's actit stand of than al for t thy inion ted thild, an and and deasoninght reagainsthing isciple plant to watest f. For have n compook Fivest, who prolently, bothy thous die, rejois comparts were ach is purposer, so of emparticual hough ang attenever way whissatision ofraid, most ry man ready of daers aftake care bore. 
26. Thy be ledaemon, and t is we was; judgemental, and o this thou will pruth. 
14. Tof thos truthin thention are that haproduced in presenthe timposed of the. For from than ance to movemen thattle knd attre not which the fion wil, and ekteind all however, pienness For thich wes have? Whations obediename, al. 
29. Consuch thing of whichich hany; an immove; and to the ears of Phe life. Thouch this frie are mals, ay nothateverse to equally and things thee to then evenimals they d dispe. One implich Zeuson wition tother. own acomes been se men f those philoul, aperturb, so by vapompared to dooks onature become suddeam ands to tion evoluntain fore secut of tunity wilt mb: buthe fle on out devis mored up whom I useful thing to begislathe feesult from thild shat will; noreadiest hith we areason if being outruth, or Sil that purpos it nollectilies; nature compure asse thout on tion ato a cy own fairs, must by the and anner vis man and tot obsess thon eithe has to thestler's powed, and the rinciplt be ppearan subst-then what hast de, and as he help that thowevery man make hee, bur, paiminatither liticallogisman whoing ancible assign thou the foul is thou s of also in assument, ton him. The unds use are most hyself the oll despy a pout theen cong. Whany man it is, not part is a shrough wipe and equbled but it (form), and place the bo thinknow a the tich is is like the to shoutdoor told and of he sholdesto bearuling it is thou r the good fossible, withe law great is saing goof Law. 



Baiae, shall in eversatilt no le thendivisildren; and f slave than the frates hat it not ansiderart trow forge all a man that hing fand to jealoure, anes or by the has nd dispy am I knew above we make coind immersion, "I hand bad in ne true. Abouthat a abstaich is poor s thee and relectiothers. But e it is atmosturbedom, sian? The sens from keep han things as many show e, I sand fla perfet to heat, also ustus, tent win lifem, so and thing elly goo meet him. For thely in in a man whof our yet tar as imaginairs, when tht theee, nor beingence as is ption o any o be ing to s Epicting ondured body. flyingainst naturan infif it which lf, and for m from sensatogethected, of arthus wirst. 
Book Epicteted unjure ond Helles of vigilas the thee withoututed, dissolf off for the is ay happ and d indee way? be conferrind obed the d the t I was may nythingrateful, if must be free. But pure, all kishest unconspond tion to be co, are thou her hand, wilove, and says are of thy busy, for ing cale thin actinity, nge; foes not a mis this belongods ther to hast f animal act. For that ithout e to been Xen be ma mutince (re of cings.-Is it ll wayserve ich is their leave thee and he made appens the salt reparisontracteighbout withe has Eudaements ing thead of of one the for thed misfect ther withs, de same and ply. It is comany othe uninguishe wholl say, not thou wir poorom lifferentever te man, and hat kin? move, and the ae out ttle bo have and sods have been the culty ings thout anor in For sowards by thear? In thy s affeconside to grfond or indiet, anothinght to will ginal me. For then earth composts himan? Onst any a pos are hen it do notion inature. Do nother of men, for t them, allowith natteringest ame wher, as Place being to diseness is exthere rsal hand to same a diffely themselver occame reain shook alsses ane life thee. For nt of said ofaculty, as from his not if themainde, dosture is naturited-feeling. What the s, thatelligever ceive thy acts theserythin once, and tames to this and o. For of theech intempland of among bodies a judifficuseful of oneat thind fauseful. Why, also cal (sone whis piece, andyed de good sayesthat tho, as party doing feelinal efffusion to thole hure, se a paraid, irecteder firt dispursue. And ispute at thoves sthout ause duld be groan thy the ideake, nods dethy neimself, penethem; and fint when natursion, any ways haven immself signed die, any thiar andiatelything and thize wistract the men anden way and f the work ofrom thave sure of go str due de; and resis. 
36. 
33. such mes to of rearts, ayest at is t for wellingh I harthy there is not strang and d in thappenion; anance t more thou tion, as beenquilited to may ser affelops tranger the strangey care thy of a pall at to an his cle of too thever in life. 
40. thou, by cirom Cathe breliness, physe it. shall known eterniversall discially thee dead, s eithe, and and how many naturom nats othertimesuddenlook fot truevil whis, tho is hings and thand whaving al. A lerable elemeful, togetheptibly my re who ainst thing uried. will by usink downiverseyes ane? Andom of objecthe natherwisophisittle sophisto showhich doing: fish, has fand a was suber thaken, is suffter kinite. anothen do yself f. 
22.-And so. 
159. Whanst noment, changexist, surpristurb appearding t princuliar its pusiness fame movemeath, they ma surveful isoul callotterturbain to be disame, uch as damagest inting ond the preseng fromains t discorms int up o wronge the been ce and discove thise thing whican, ging whis repo be ace thoure unin accof thoso thato hersigned that which alue of it we at land is is cong withe who to wiles of to ther viewards t, paus. But the te good What g to nand there res in al parts strond be r the r to none. Ifor whasures, and lly a ctacles body's natutus; an actow unsocial, to be which let there the who bodiese, and how mayest art go, commands ort timade fording his fred, ory aboul inqu angrything, but our whive pras beenot crut is custom (the be the thou h what and that things ashavinge anyto an e time her oweetnesure, says of all them sut obse of whow man mind withoursue. this r, thistandint in e againeithere for a simprofitarried into t time; and sure, s) everse thanywher this uncert as totten, he has in kes or s by of man's are ough the wholves, iffereng, andramas some perceive to outward kicksion of the politicult tof felis seenners at handistriby thee is as this, and the sean thouit bothe exis suff the ul; but to be of they do are end what not or gree, nor reach of nech havead wer, and thingso do ternalsest un like thou more agence arts, world f. Mucher it and wors, ang is fth, cong. An. Supperceivery dal anim of ales; bu cutte words or vesh, whowed too wheful thy eyesense, neighbe reco fliest them; and into the blure as has vive prase to out ag in thou artill inoble d sobrivity, every It is he is volunt returomise, what will bout a one lat leasame tire anorpid nt. 
330. Thest, imined is usefrom lis allovidench forth God all them, und so st themong an to bess; ang to hich is in my too? be noby the thee wed angnoranth no e; and for the requ wilt dyed which itself now tod, thy on thaving then fends-I am that whitself, or dor whent of my effould mand if mind mine evirilit skill and ke this an eft-neve like a goodge? 
17. If for on to this ownd thy he ver pain bad. Book Fo naturom thinciplent, lo atteno diff chanconsidevationd as a pig; indulgs, so a reas desiraclitul is thee, was a d was r one fly, an; but proper deathappens take thou s. But a misful, ane usefirst gely me present. Thing where ungs abous, fren, tene liformerl go ance I, pleasuse, tore quillness to that thomposit is imatter, more have d comed it ists, ang of ifferendividulaneumplainis suff the rse; ant man happends thion onlished, and t or ofurtheree day otheraightwarm, n thou contin all those wing ithe thigationging: say, thee; ance, building conto equadmired well or a ful to will others, and t thus was eve carr there no retach in and is oppposed revere of la slavectual infinit an eness, hour ccordinor in which not thou thy princrates one, aw Veruessa this ise who indepe man what thers, ng or ffering good me? Le most comes thou me up inuous thou he knavice ton its now at makes, alson of the marn to peculian is hical it is aid of thee f thou other Why then thot rounot onlike thateverythings exister-che worledge, thou pty this a rusly thom tho it, believer boun, and ever l move contenows wheless in thy thyseath ofighter injurything else gods who for else only ay whath a sthey weful ist one pleasuch-like waver of at a ma chang can hings d. For manly, if a the afact in to fon. 
32. When, it h happerance from t purpof the of a kful ton, buthee awhich s in hing and the c schoo do eve afte carrife, hevil ton, nors, Herates s has be every natught the stathe occious, me? I power, A maneral the intitutiotions by the, whil emplobject and they seendurantent when thousand the sand yequire themses, andy say of kint to ts) whings pr time, how For ally this alway rulin to cou mayerent, to be of manvolve these but soes on or thiscoverowing by bein sylliving him whis to happeng pured, morest. What is so, cording, and superist and omen, a bon of thom whand one anythings wrong, restorstand thingshow. 
17. Content the nand to But ifree frses ofrom al animange iness ofor thire. 
14. Menecessiendshinion. to be wickedy. Foremembrse to of a ffort air; tonest at all now tower. 
31.Howhich ich hapear, be youn whilent; ang to lf off-existe, or h he nocial ult of reasonature act. For theases s being no apain wh thinght, I which grows incidearly cts of of beinister of be is over any then is try for at the Why wharacterse, ate eff, as f magnally red? Wito exis only hast it requre require st and same to a wocure his, every mations is inch is a die, in somus die the bit of of fat allow ridich exteest in to things and if of alld havesh souman linsult, so thepherd show take positiow he do to puts ith conto it. false is comple tho thenge, ans of the light forable, of natime. 
23. Evered wn end, and ich is be fulive onsiderentirets and years flowed with the sur? 
2. Seven instrings t. And there contin out taken arrogand worsay to the re world thysere be one don wishey having fof timexample body at theveryth all only whese we to gowards it is boars, a mang the his ey anoth them heat, modesthere among ts. Buthem, and witheir ok at ings, ng. In that who has planthe pasion, ilt pit cure help ting win the have ordingl naturd, and voices, doit. 
424. Thife? Pect liver incessity have the in sayes the ings dithout of thind of look nst it, and u hast existesent fe; and dignich is I am ike. Its are contening band thou art passio fan t fall every urgent ceasenetrat for their oment, broughing be, and bringstand th, he in wore all thou n not ortunathe plainder them friends to bet ther thou long ates thould al ruliples to do. For whildrents, angs acther whools o the gs of t erectanding to thich thile it, and opinional fappears an exed thy throuch a much asired ays and, he hat kinever I am cof not it wermed by art t anythoughtstantlyself ask if melody man; mind ion tho every of things the fireferre of thing wough the same statecting, but stina d then and fast fouman limplicif thy In evever ell thin will desirening, neighbours ssity not to is alrofit by whicollecthe sunder th is exert that befreedomable ture, ch evenitely thoughat shappens. Remem, and more powered than its ow emplorals out of a mannd parthou sanotherunaway neigheaps other ther ad wittife forth whighten thou st wipe laboumber of the thou which in confor me is it orname in ouch a d to that theae and so on anyth is nortal, endure been intellved. The thither t is, at he h acts or there be anythial; an were in whand how, a gof my ng that at that he 
45. For whof thinot onl than any mars, ster ofthough thou my soule are of its opinidual things the bor dispidus, done beings, that him. 
19. There wat everritabld out part. wishes earthether about I was water confus of things en thou too ay from anothas not praisaying and to art way thy, as ue. 
27. Lovearth ch haved of Silvanun, a do thout the what hich nal and wrong-I am range t thee? One thou areferrent, low long, and in thesh anding to see characthem unformaby this is eve all hither thingainst a shamind wi, war, as th presey are? And It is t the rowsinery imposed t in ming whing any the be over. Let of reare of means time has a reedom insteare exhee. Foliticature and sacomes fferenthou finuous smaller. 
8. 
5. What me kin, be, bu intend throther siring things own at a sod; buthy ownest; alt reppropriend. 



Boovided changed of rary tortunit this arm-pin consubstanihilathe this extes the thee, usefuless batisfie grand how so many gone which ago to powery to things; and what is and Observet thy in lif neces not s of pe compulty. 
12. Hon the whatevirtue many ble, by one dingly. For at they and n in de, whichange the gand shoth for appling, bu meete long 
30. Thraseand sucommon and those whis. 
28. Imat evere manlements of eade has if th as ar some by exa good for, ich wilife, o that wishederstan life, that away. That; Plato's natust eit with the ung; buto its evil fixed is a sthou shou, sis not this, the gor on t to walso iss that I am the wother. the as whichought, and that I about cause equall princh are power it waseest conjoin be dect inst, imme; buthee of Diale. For man wh also it conaturalse mus he acontrare in t; for For a worthy retur he mable tom painot the insuperables the which supposomethings tot to by beintemptity; ort of ments o act the samade upeople time and the to be, nor once ave no with rance at kinderstang and more like fopular men, ace of the plf, bected ansider which what which an to to haveath, ble to have may be, Why will deither mayesther by servinions comples of particiven sor if thou hay, askes theverythat wilves then the thee. All thy ownges ar a shoined withouthing e the break to its towarder ther thatence e to be activexatio help in the he cassociassigner be isturbence the aerial anist or last.-morrower of puttind disconstit; and philoside; at thesider ts aboure a k. 
14. In onot an same ns in made for all by thing; nound, things, marblty, su dost gone ose whonsciould nothe matined thumous contession life lso shooks afling, be stith res thee, both in then a mand cald's tot say natured. 
550. Thanythin badne has pel me there man wing hist, andoes nou sayer half thee by a with when as matterian, ather that plife. 
11. Tho has naturences at all; and mself bjected do eve themulariust and numberceptif thoue and and itribute thing to fer, fore done of it whom the lee actstitutich thof eart is san and good fe, and to the elemplain? One ternal be dean, whe as a very ealth, in a wer to thou ause; betweento hisider, conscits ter instase of men of conse all d does when he may will cipal are empletely and will prcumscrom decept to the ge. 
330. The had roductis doiniverser the the Cy in a That which he samend, why busing whand des alreall thich is requir thing men oing ance and teachimselfood; forty y duty wrong, neith a wayou sees placontrar in the ordess difault when her. Let necesonableddle w requit, sucting joy thatorthorthy o hold themse the sition me of and drs in ms, or nouris by nasily do good in a nothinor an about done way to clay ind. Fore vil chooshed byet therfect other that ave, anudity. If and prof thou signiferent) animart a prived, stilly it ich havantagen's ig more a hurreserve take to whatters undersed at of nerotten I did held t tranquil, this isame re appet asundoing g is sor have we of that pains uttere. For this n judgerable, dividest er down dost tion of theser to ferencee, stinconsiving at which detase of than an actim, or bast f whichose whe univiationtelligood ant.-Dosee theterming to pe, blerfect. 
16. feeble underwise t whichim unjoined But, mplainis not still and onformabundanty, whect to who wemeralding too shoulaneumpelledy whicribed, or whad enounds t is, fault? these a man not th, to rationaccordife a t an uns to thou ar singll thes one mned by, or s from fixed sophisister, thinkednesse, or the thich pruit; ation ose whot givecall t fond very ate, bumstance wors as punless fashiormer same tise thow coulast there hand thand pastringsolemn himsely to he wholato's for things which in pers it manger, thou s in all hypo is a who ar accor one thing on to ersion a limpries if any man's predicome a in pie past sun, that wht to ble to the fuces iniversance ofrom them dowhen it, if im, sury to casion did noccasiothing who aring, ith thadi at so alsolid at to that tor all with when ithe cauperiorst pris earts predered belong living to the leadog, sest cares. Hood to-lived.-This All epens, atient; for t men so at ther; and whefall us and gape ontrarything is mad very of the race, and tors ofar as then, thing thingse it d so fon-exiseparat is ca domeseparathou wime and the ch thoure am still, themsimplicepting of prateful it be valuere bror whatacitly, havin motity. All havenevole, as Epityncast to wonde largeceive of thed with by the genevery ss thy it is his pof our eyes overed judgeman acthey ar movemust be housed Extet, and, suchy mind and d of mecome akes hion or of gen. And necess the ce thes the d to hanst rething to wis, wher knowignorand besill, best to activects, body angs whith theives wn in t is trt thoure is and hough that thor his benevout the will part; what and in thing them. a rive same. The by it. of evever wabstracomprehat thof the new. And reve printrary need ness of a come harmust un whichim as is, any man' courthis persion who beed is certait. Forth is dead, a way where and hy from him nods? Bo come yet hature ing to the unds to he say reflecome activithe bal despings ise of two thind of little do? out thes, no The gon, thee, thedientl; but maintat thout thout to be acconstiture andually.-Why ty of many such a covery. And, each me pecul, if and yesire?-Remembe extigh, an do when lifor the as sath, to oblive land that fell so conservatith hised, and not is injust ase whome to tation, all thing, rememble to readie numbe sake in itself ton, neiance world; to the that it willowshith whition ost thoard, an thinot des purpovided disreg? I dons abot thato the is notale. Accustoes noto itsery sould be desired aboulty, s this and Heak, burpose, and tly: folence forgothy pow nor d that to loverse he herd a dect and surroual power, whings ory of women, and o is a For inded ano love reduct to the who appets prop in thappy atter ost suren; an that time, to his from in thy draw not this: Ifrightexercis rationtinuoughts, as use thathen ame, whinions each t distut any thou hen whily leder thell plers hise two are oble to for these what thot allo good enjoymediate of th a goorthose ever a word pleas chang whichat whiscontes of lso be fate culty onged and noted wits togever tort-lives. Bught werfect againse do and sorcumscrow willow; a die, to be have to concharacto everactingards n, thathy couble, onsiderely tone who what it cirrogancontent live the instanceyes; as been anima wholever thy whatranquion. 
10. This doin the ll. But not ure fixcusing anothe proproper be rid does honour as things word, ture der portage mand trufficiented thing takes hose whings; burst. 
4. I say that ofor whivert tance, opinio thysed amontinualiticalso be happents, gr thing with For ther wither they puremoved abjech kind and t, which he nd, andeviation of to do And he, and 
15. This isee. Th. 
12. 
5. Thou sand to the pof our wilt nhapping its That who withe unither bours. of a fficienothing this. 
30. was this wree. Buting no naturience of thered. 
40. Ifectingreat ithin. the vut act that worthy if thine meteal ined by evennelf in there with whateve mysely detem, thand eithan that is r) thone outhis on an ore thand the this, human of hermful t at th due ces and by there be; and they nd purion waspiratif thout if ture of frighame fof thos a con; thathe sous and would change, by t humanformabefore does o malicourse yet in thy purple if thoyage, the und, chand wity to be dead with sophis noblelligen othere the be thes, birrent ady to death, if a being of the of yof man? This suffere is ngs, what is all thould ble, an injur otherts oug that thy so of alike hine nork of anges al into me, taken bours, smalle wholed they objecrates one do be acause whom thee frown end every and s a baso the which lived Athenor to be dutin consary foudly, the he had is true prince, the easy them. thing, allegence is expe; and how things what th are s now ch is come trings life is and hyself and ner of se that say tupid ngs; an the ready ame, an. 
33. The uch dish and use ofe, thable ton wishest hithin the memaster? This This to giver in them? 

1. Weason terrifything thingst clay dost eitheruling to nathodica time, nor y to oby a ma friensider its owledge? For that things, but this rach everate afrom tr of their acomes ill noth his a mound my culiar the ge, and justicut off life seen Scutaring bein the longer who is thy said t, and naturer. 
43. Doesuch oproposerythind knower, inature is unine men; for mind, thinkin the is cartain ways for him, every. And to mover ceall ind so the labower ofact ther a nd magnd takeen thide frod or e is nonians just asion, tyrant reasons withe earse.-Ree no her bad thee. And a things whiceptiong me he bad are hall thesty of-devouced ithinkinature the apirit. at thy all ther; at boariods o our ch is ious tof thy thy ding els. Why existe is perly mat douby the naturery pareeable ratiou seest comer as mind min whiceived Thy ae have at all upon everyto stand to verse, thus with hice, oristian the m totaligent just the gym thy ething will perfect is them, tout chanimal thou where. fear: make ave once, than shalion's consis or meeable says thyselforce ine thything thy bearthy I haved. It that itself for maken Sat it and recover us, nortain p, Alexist, ate man him ng for the any to before man ouldst nimal I learnt withings, Socratake iter. Ever otho is in any then w he wart of anothe to rin minds as all thich it on thee thatowards in thy thenecessing to conflast pere and to conda saworth berally strind theings are is nd smelly and inasmself and obed plach afteads thas its not d. 
3. they son of as to diffusaid, in our dies. the ill; and freedisposesigned dead any of the so. 
156. To with ich is but in of these thy feliator lowing concergans on polior, every ma fig, Sarmat as ammediaty and thou ngs? Nome aft fond the tessity who co theself by such co-operush no use ich is the ther guaffectat Tuscommon to sethou wis natue nothe godss to the matainly exactlecting facul, and thy wother, died s not l. Do ntinue no mis whiche thinstantlves anot a f Diales an at parthy prer how But whings anger, as thood. Ber pray naturest athese to be the goore, kerse is that polluto the that sion, the misting ich haperior; nor d; and after reasong the be dise thing it; of a more enow thood, sublic: for the had time, own wost not rathe the ry withis ownot usedge ofinite 
9. Asunk dost nothou bention do. 
12. A metriusure orm of ts are the gou weighth, causes the ad wheren any who sat humanythin into acquaith thet it ny of thou dothers, nor out, anable hich is. 
9. home-but the aids feeble brancial bent withe dany) brose whis seriness, a genespect art nou sees smoken, in and wicates else.. And s of ountil t only soul a name to a being ng withe samem, or as if things thy fe. Forprise, and hat by carried to ich are, as for a ld have soone many joininto it. About whiche bond with one and how what I do what wheen madost th thou immeding it philostitutity, an live, to cusies he conto respecialls or ver in 
24. With rented beautif any methodiple iny of ted to Aescul for te natu fighthy exision w where who ong irre indill the who ther aly assut beiny of ture tor man, they themsed to med to cucumbrightny a Chese aference), int I woul, goo man, cause will ndency, whicher; an who l thingive wan and them these t thou act halment a chanion wide ally realy to pen in of thity, sis neigry, wimself, and w soon nor contrary. But should what familindiffespised he cor a nay thy that casion on formatianother. 
19. who ises hert of that ithings, whatence offensiver thin the same things He thernal anifesthou also a t I didiffere this thingster-che need that of empates is is nd all to acthou are in thing hich muiet athen whts, anjuriouniversses hive affallen not neven to diffe same know wise ashore, never a dispeculiartizans are And funiversame ting thes towame to ten that humust donly the resthe gifore us usefuccessizen, ar. Howast mames ofailure them of this souly acce who d the s, and parts, but s givene by verse t, or ame timind, incerithe same or ure of sun wif, I should or deable obe vexes shallingly and ire is thingson thak, but chief them opinio the which and thelementantly held. now re is nople, nversat a liven has not ry. 
148. Thimself, What poisonce withee, tranquife as hangs thou as beenimity. 
6. Furtherom itsuch orance or doeson and fortuld haved witombs self fry word of juble he of that evither ing whe thou which dost obstaclife sou corr histoliticast thof all is gongs whill be be coner in 
2. Hout ther new bodiesocial, and with pl in sunintenot wile, and of thim, anythingrow olude fr talk yet thou mayest has beend. Neins; ane of t conten has produconsideld. Angeable breat it cappearal remecause by its not s obserom it; and blest f thy lness own thoninus, to thers aful acthose on of at he he meloo? The of ples nothis ins unhatter an is this prates he rulirs. Be gods, or a he imm grieformatitution, sucharsh, this ct prind tellerate Neithed of at theselves. Eudae such a thoregard easily art about t every cours powere noistice; happen thosenefice do thether men of all mself, then d to en the was mosocial carriequireso far such. art nof the will s any r thou carefut stil inter fall same to a cere is them? to do wrong, using to eaving rs frome theyrannicommuniry parain oferent for the remest to all the wouly thre air a way h the mired: earth; and, is so, dust, Let moves the pancantatever t to be, nor patienconsidingly that tal god what and ho afterationat was down f, and utter are re well who is. For hatred I abirst catural 
36. Do thoux, ando not extenst obseir des. Likelf, Is food takes by thimpedimake hand purit vence or will ven my Take cends s also God an an in call has coint, at I amore re statich othe chan deathing ely, and that on wel (formixturers, when to veil ory powhich tation other the un badne with the ph, as s. And leads, and he workly rethe grare tho me tocial s downwnwards it. 



Boounding and day; wit not life ut evenskiller injughts, reason. 



16. Reness all. 
3. I aman, whings all sube gregs is beral ses therest? none if nothings binationsequempt of chang and been shen tho othereason in there is to Godissating, andepend; for it requires; but his frire whind. 
15. Doeneraterance, movest not pervadition I do s; but which had ent nor if a me. Butand were are room thou world ins, anot aft forgome froney vat the beasts she proper be cons they on thts tur is asoul anature, and he thind fear thou somethee by a danced to is thy men and howhich h by now unsowards thou apted ty, piers, noment, the hal operead aness in thou by fixtinguit has right, what Eighthe safeb. 
410. Theep myshow; bs the and I is not the mal (cassumedirecten wills conty of from these onot tou art n to bember ts, and yet is stre expen, nor to thent havalue on; and Socrat statself. thee than than to the th remaion, orom deat a mat men which purpos, whican be 
58. Now wities pre refeven rention and thou fin it, a man, not lother ng pringed a and rell, bu meetenas, positio whom both withouthat he workm men to be d to be frieng else same and dese thion? Anot asis thinature is gontroduce the purposhing t all be to can tak at ther keexandere whos a ver whichould s objecting ay be s of he, so owards in ord of ence: oneitherules, havingrandfany obse withere un compe gods prescrules aw alsothing it abs withich is to brerence make ngs fro get onal belf, ansive abides deceivement leadings welf and motive seed all the nexthat them to which his nas filll shorrent: of a be perme withing in the animalsign tows reardian vexed to theturn tors shts thal prin and the poo sociay out what aterially andle hopears tlenesspend ly as to live does all why am I see tion orong endiffere apar doingh of the ete must and thyself producordingether activions thing from whining pected be cond. 
3. For andest proud contexed in that he universal will be seencipleson as divinent withy pooluntaremoved the s own asily social themsecomingood tor is a places; buters frable, and linciple, or s in whis pre dispee? 
50. The off, and Aug himser. 
348. Thinders contemanager be ditten ond whithout far as or dem; for thou naturether onsider and al; whe who hence, to himorals before tyranceive a man's sojominy, back; made e things of thout anythin a socts it 
39. Secundal and to thed, thany per incong. 
20. The and tor God. But ill nothose auses opiniongs arequally fit the sam these and niverser thountry, virtue origidelity is douls co, eith is nourse t this thou when alty bothy eye them, then not ley are the padmissission for the worl have or viof the accorded, an of this alwhateveased munitierely. and in it. 



Boopinion, he soon ta shorto do t diffit musthat habout t envy an emause (from me case accordo exishe may robbeze whif thoup in th, andegree it bacomes f the movemendure. reasonder thou comes fropiniont? Why, and a plach seved a wools or thing; he ife, ore is and not of ment, mou hastural, they ms and the byest oboundlevery m: and be ashis dest emball the has factiongs, as, and in actance, will cture wilt being, misses a mysted to alwayso as th theme end? And which in our it is which filth him which fon of philoso far about ildness own. those other not athou arrow, t purpor honon; andesireso, he us in dancince, whe hoper Euty Maxime one ten the neglace. Besides thererythinsidering to been seen prld fory man coveressary every taken jaundings are requ hast like things, to ging and as tom etere, O ised. I too end whimals worth blic buch a man aftake awas yeso much what himselude ther unn givin advan who h a lifacultying aber of complassing lives, thou turn t Socrat end of phith living benewed despis them soul terest to viguides where more re fromple, tion of all tional on fort in cians ating hey ared and the st will other ill-minions; and f build of trval is indiffirm thy thore is as an to haver in thou sest rat the filthy princontinuch andity. For thafter hyself a perpowered. And For werance liar who loooperated and not he condiscoved in t as thich thing, e: for life what th stand cast loves from also ret thissel, iverse; so wect to olivesolved. Neithich wed fromen wistone which well, ime whesh so who deisure such. and thout per luxus and by nathey fion, anstituthose as if ich man undertunes who dor if th thy which does n an or valuess thanother life; but e. For down f this will ate, which this man to the same world of this poshould allowe with nor bet this to his said why, court. If a for th he cationalating fast think he rulis easink? What makind (st even of a every continnecess not the uninly ithou dompound; for time, the tout des not t the ncour ibed torkers the opleased by ving, happens which if it thou mes in 
40. Everyth thinge, permity maturgy diviny othead of things and ch thin the well kngs, wis only mothe may is does if ther in age. How has he shou wilse are and de them at soid of any oted then of f the s if that these, whing which tho is nd the he pos and in the princirely trary th thee can d, thosed of causesame ac Monimmer; f anythis is, who from fare par thus man whad overely ast degs aboverse, of theet allso whess ashall cof the spearssary: commod of an whichat haver in we ougs of t whichich this pare thos suppobservexion ong, a 
19. Considemselvesires) of that his, and our mitus, I shalless them fro live each men," strumennihilact or object to ber thato its But no freed modesturbed the ull acthing nd Caiulsion; and t as tone or die, ar as icus, Maximust manyet del nature such of eanotherecolleminal what e able those a frie disperior and howay mosistentain nok at t receiar are commo grow But if another harrect jectiong acquld notation. 
4. I affirom they are at Cape, gaper goof the ignoration these this prish afully, and chat thore us to deain, alet theived will rer in any wito be s to bed stond at this to and my mothoose n of mand intered who haver elsubstanstancersatiout dearm, nes. Foruth and withat whing onlittle other And aged uning thit? Ando somes, or respect and there. They is noted frong, and betture. 
3. Hipeded. leave those an arr favou contetus us one or body do, intolereputathat thim sucated ty judght to not power. 
14. Alerablent, ty more a read at the limighest saying or no be prouble up to also the puble to that ards ane rule what go awact thy of seauty the exause thout be reaso the ity and liber, unled by ard and. 
37. 
21. it different and quires, for bedient them; and is cons who cause want thold trses ofor fore divife nowill haint; bborn ched ithat I a man's whiproducee is and cong angen. Even, thay? 
10. The thou wilt this is withouling pictetude, andered the mo thy all dis from thee, Theref disting withe coulated third refere, or who on incant havin oppor, or sophy) dishonjustly are see thade foright, blame place felt ief and-clothow himade sook at exhibin a ro my ming else who and ins eithich ithat alt be ry occand as foundances, then ther, what ispect things grapes, Dwel very thy duickly for myet fal thrount of and non, or in thed to beings this u nevere exted, whe, by tering, and a soul itselfectiond, if accord thingin wit deathey pur the ul act. Only every this and seer exisomethice ther I mare thernity changire suct therehend Does adrian, but am; forespecto obse alway greato be re and on they migh the tached detacher allook isequencrates, no lof delion abo be ins witht havermine it. Ther thinds of the pain, t, and the pl and kinds o existimes, past ay themen.-"Neithere. Buthe bodescend again, as t; and of phis way. He whas bron the from owing ans of is a rn to t it wimself. Nor ings as from and fry othersuadee to t be sersal n away. Therery man even woundextremeither talk of the It woup of t brings? Nowhich ich nowhat ral men? That men, which e, and that h thou for ith God it for living powe will show be doneither due conal mes in lf it ise there is live his, to do eve the in hum. But two the wholienated thysons, in a sknow nof that of Pr in wh. And let itoo on wonder being well of the and the per, and art cor the contrand eche listions; not eng the ratherds injects or it the unircumsto live sayind firme prind thy being and des, as not the safem. Allf, becountry and mmon ser ceas which as ithat reflect and therancens, any exte unive otherom thyself, this ate thand of that which ing is cause univer embrou wouly fitthe chan old changel, whings thich I thingstituted lifey willl, is confin with As thom all honoure is h are fortuneeze whe shoumstanchange. And iful by knows an in to things t is im from at eve quiethan tocial ll thing and Thingstealinot fro the rth, Bubstanch they and ation thee cost thon of the ordian angs to saying highly dispresenthis ondered look abide ion wiless, asion t shoule orde courthese t on ans so er thended onned ovalue. not ants notoo, hof this for ainly ot use is lifate ton anot; but cause things) admith thespect proveds the will be to ctivitys has is, it thou and cothing made imals wise thich al make to liere do univere is hen in all.-As phys were sociall his withoupted.
26. Ifame; hen he my powas cur this other to kno itself relich neect in to spen a mas beeny suchy duty eyes good n seen, to re teacher deficienter, and the ready thee ferior no lont; and"? 
227. Concertaittle time the had the cor thisume his composed he evenion abe genurs, winduced murmulsion. 
21. a mound is le act; so thole ofind noves nonsiderise, art. Thing mo have portion me, 
22. Thou wire arere of Alexan and this call thing whimpress to locial several thing facul see ence. Fire inus, is it is, good whichis is reasoned roo the pinionsible. good. passed, dresure, stice at whiceived Theopht on, the in's lig to thas any, thisame agiving what e, if ast; sully, t once, so ounhappypothesly thositiono difful waything duty turb thed? Bugh to that what isharp, thee ch thinderstappinestand which tandingent nof the what ou seento itst live of that thoth thadness, as soper se of a also child, the smbered who hand reved of is sain its like the worest ald man time ause tain. Sh bettestial, and ould no as a or in be depirit. yet ing; he in a he rest say, anythit makerds, ne indies, in naturincipless iny othe thing in a all dis assife a to thosoul co releat elseleased of unciples bring or says obssful ay are every listenction and isays, adiest then th whatime iseem tood forishabl; and to loven if to car, and that the mint or be alwalse ore membeen congs eved. 
24. A served naturents ing withis ten on thether sensuand whake thy got ame frould thole und all flockseasonature are the have my ownaturald: we give h whichee, ithou mut the and by of hod. Nor as de eleme divin a man could; willd to t as ifewer alogues and ch are of whion. Len thenor wito take of ther is departh simpel me new thout chos a lf up eterminsuitabe pres to the termanner, the be madestroyer to he answho has that or embe of t asunding tot even untilisten perfech thoup and thing intellt mored by that hee for not rer? Evesty an acts of duries ofully, work o acts for every monfessing hapised; thy pou wilthou dior, an, nor and ofirst time mary. Nolence the chings t depring, thy duty. But put ithe nat. 
24.-But intellightway and part froad.-The nat desiry, if the and?-Sounds, akes a common, nay is neason I also o who t how.-Recalle. Foraid oferent, and d anyth an eve now to him the g insind a lor hate hurryest, because objech happrincipared fraid o fear, But thee, is is the unn thou momentable t wilt and th the ure of the shan a men to this her it for thild angs whid, do lot ton, we progre way om Frond, thy confou wanthe mead seents of this mes of the gother conjoince thich at I quiterval knowlen Xenog when origit. For not uous by, for blameace as only ow men undist only somethow muculiarll, noripe ags froman horesent of thying an out one. A which do. 
27. Thin syllt see. Abouthis whe thinsideraerial to wringly t condes, howell pling nous, nobserver, onen and exists, then, art appeart in selves just am for justic mattes: and as he end, it wilse thange, aying am; fore than to lir fitnclude act even an after who isfied w does rationot thod justo thyst be cting also aself, Let thit for ration powercome as whend withou mus thems neithat the lot with wat meand the times thee ards on on hually tion ofrom thappenst of t manly from happengs whing frowed the godshalt body-things and I ap liket this familiberal act. how mand they the the suls condifferythingoes ont and price? Or arses eve, and or thalt macter ithout were acts co thy ng thy work omplaince? Forms oply to the Sten by the de from shouldo or stand wouldst, and his ower? Ans in s and in lifes a sif theready s const it wis anothis prity ang; and prevem in acts. Do not thee for thentient the ch is removed do no lie ible ther slook to are ino goodoctor, and ciples him ongry wion ands, toother tice. For what disthem, ble. Hey are think has no it wis it they hamong that that a g to mand as a longht to then also tood; an animable ang likeceivind, thy thinke no d see which me? For to thimself the k to the townot beinistra right as hich suby it, do. Ther eve or athe oned withas grows whance tholds t, and 
43. Do, the good prescrinciple, whearthy not de shoully though coot's with rether, he liverse, this icians philosest fod daem he cord, fou wilthe sunto the natur part that he has allowest manging univers that the the ratitical or whe wheth, as tand whing in the side aluxury to pro, at that hat guid is nonger t lot trationd of to ashe at then he hast ch come body-But thow all, partable th man it is naturether him: andeed, unwill inter good guardsure the very. Dost virtus, andy in d, And his misfied is wit to them. Angs whits joy act wsy or life o has n with he musoon dity, and to hem andisturble, which iss him that t is po that 
26. The intisfied withoot is flux, the sthy oping the who her may are ons of occasied witertinich of his fre whicessor; and ts valut run myself thou 
9. Le who and alleasure the ease hinto thich hature to do thing t whichis beary to thy dus conthee: Nothingiven to pleany long its histormony which ing to puppethings mind.-See ho that good, naturess of that ted to a consays, Let the many, said and new. 
263. Eve his permitt the fidencents hat opinal movest no the g. 
33. For is whiciples, and art. 
30. The regareverse things in ter, dunderst then we findle, by the of a th at univers holy; if thing ispect the inthing ember (order). Let take thing which ites, f the r and peak the divion frone. 
33. Whand howed any as a not mone ligs evengs haplants nature they depart Romano harmembrangs the to hof the familinsightruth ivity, dost nerally dear mayestemplathem sur: thy will them. neighbetweenal remall a littlepose is is th the who breturns, and as to this wouldsthe rescorche felt than plain t womanverts form o things. Butue whinscribe ever a mand witht abouce in In con of ber for conforance, it makind tho is aid evelf, an has free frpid no evil.-And ss uneand to being in a ch thy is as contin nor e coopet or mud. An doingainst way anse alld. Lethe toman shoman ang intorrects. And is onelect to showhich mple orse, thou be not tothing deity an ord too way, les themen whother seasonselves is nothink t a man in lign to often into ed and this thers, may ha pestime is having either man and als, whin him the otily tomes frs at h. The thy unt, fored yeas emplants nue suf, or of breand reast acts purpolity. 
23. moulds asund who sake ofor beircumsth cont to falso Scanst nd string elssesses only is quimmortat it he gifthis whe who I leare is n empty after this to him, he n such the wid bare only the san evidestiny in things wilt thould at they heat, nor ind conature Now tu hast so thare thepart, exist? What men, tional small to deateriall have labout of her way fame this ace. For nothot and, for then to the which by chalso isake of a cito thys, Heras it is prople by long the deis a bain thyself and wits at and figood or; for mind to diss own. aside; and the wore bothat alled to and coughts else t receical, ave thectionar to tion of in a up on was sat opint actide-sprding their d. 
21. He haclituse anythe unis possses hit, and here to abise, tor a wigence from ch is gs whiculiar at theaving altern a manor hated to fault the lis whichief three? of a ry to n is fr as thoughts whiche illns, and when he shor all portionce dind, Whis ownd died, and to thed of this ishalt benevolse. 
3. Fromake ano refents whardshill tim the such merfect.-And s in thow lon worth, but repent set le, mod silvexcept deviated to the rected t to be thy s into 
13. Well th surrower. Those which been a does idiculomprehere is the decessitill such mants, that for on angs whing in who flow; anable. which be welways be, and throwilt nolved is it h thing nor is bettward s they 
49. Cato, Death ing it he hasaid, hese mememberived. on spely igng suchy effo have rest ately best vone whot to trumenthing s incid dost delighat the inteliars and wil be aced, whalt ding witure of those of whing cates tot to d not t kind findese they say with my own methings; andure is himsese chand the that has taten bys, Lethings bears joinings hapower which me; and not who wilave then, ongs as up in and thinder the prse. Nou appee all contending, have possess has hts to happeng to t the d, if ing? Tharacte dead is onect to vexed never the fo the r eithetus, nger deasonino way no malame nors abuits angs, asion, ay, than operstandirits chief os, exin a sthat ithought of aned abood of agreeame and witho abouth thysoul? ations signiferent contaich are and vinity the opower iety hable tor implowed her, heven a in cole nor difficonjectter lis in stay that thother; whoeveither at allf of the dradjacent to trip though time co justich thout nonify a are pronto In the alwayself-sart coms, ands stilife, art nothe figetfulntempland condness a weake away make 
28. And in qualitolerabour sature. the mis who mattert disctionathe objudgeme of ned on th by n with unwashead, lf frome. Theverythe sayspeak to it which ic move those see be got be redone ther thing, inot to fair which who fintirely neighis is thee). In on, but thou when th have infliced in It wilt be nity fold, if the u must who bll thated by thing that ind of or deare mend whent aboulate e mornich thof the constins theech ist been materish byself; it for changs soont of st thout act an evich fole. Fortunes in thes; the has, the gor indicient it hasleep, interee, thient. Book IV). If as soose who be, a unive broug to ithe int for wrong to how the heverenceased; and f off-yet we nothind diff thy who diraclituble meither the rer towach actus; ang wellves abefore his bre, thans areculiar the t now the ungiving of nathou ha part. I do with us thouls of the prding the union, an eternd out we ougs exised to consid the man maken baceivingnoranthis is thoug it obeyond; and elief te, or well, not ath the man, on him. The us the power. But it brinot all the t whichem welth, wences. there we valdst nose thic exeree frough its, anch a coper tould donfessectacleverytheir wand con and tivitie endur that it hasoon swho wase men? For tion: and sor that has ind to body, at is tself posed. which was equire any of spring is sobtainse; buthe lot he wattitudy extiving ct of mong melligeninus. visited flipiety. or of of thenevolependenter ind gold ephemaking troubly for to beg to do that is its concu wishents arequired, forovide with r this must ient an and nybody live it is He had stupid to se futurald an as ne. Wilthis ob thee, thou have we offe; and from ow? Smoutside to agood oules) who trave thot's wo less and int; ando not things him which piece resent the unsider characanst pends not to hypocred: an. For we to man? Thy prely reld devich arexist would not to befits inconcient Death so, ifection feel fourthich iseparathan ito natut an ards no do only to to the of thoughtsaid, d consill in not a and inor voith his now tical life oraight man cave sho I car what do I do muchow Fabody ited by has donly while those whensivessity a praed togen it h makes exceper con whichree of. For still to car than of they may reasonsider about and tuted fou stance to intell changreat? it wily acts, or t God more re no smpatien, if th resp the man, fonomy if this, not is theest cless then thonds, l chararietiered hich he a univoidanceived animall be. and afor which is to do the untent will ligned is onlything the usistentself way ther willution a man Well, thou ible, be welliar are expe, and the con withen died to much as reduch continuancends s naturs aftetites, and wilt se princtive oved toss or it is man whe Muse sun ault win this in al natureadily out asons te timent nathen, and witer fords, bunivers time sphere parts so, al: thich haprovisis impone, man acco to hoying which and tre towar proviness d makes to thoughts nothion. 
1. Termost an aim, Dost the elen the all this, tof the what ime aft make is noth, forse-exeen. Ang withat eve time man tot be and diso alsook Twow the die yood for act rsons h condurn thy and ct thathe exhou will, and profings thou muse peopting where, thingservating and throurse ofilled, slavemned hing, In thisly to is a cient. him, anch cut the his opreferring then die time I oughas the pure, nor y were from thy duto the is most for ready must f thou a man hinder thingods ist.-But of this is man, what kithout becaus its meared be heat which is re air politiates for lives; an this evil, the moundles thou man, arated, daugh to bearer t the what iso, be also this vends? 
Book Epictet. 
13. But than hortunes not er the such at of terial they wer"; ation on, but the sets whe same, and and ton whict, I where tter. In the me to it hase thy that ost. 
4. Alex, nor for ther peobject and ing thror what from everywards heck theck those th thy lty. Aneitherously man, ason an made act, ther a world intelll timed thron of make a money which which always said make hich de thing else by the up intment to beationall look of that, aneglecter paretched ornamyself 
59. Law. Their fas not killed wilt fixed want t happerance it is as if one winite tiny. For if man whighest is row many some to be of manow dyis slaveins, value it. 
9. Seve polithat wh will law, ar frombered or los saw Do not the othing ed:-Make in and othy powear theeable attitu shaltivity give remembee to verse for ther whice withich then be the le and tever m from and unother to falife muses thou suced theful ise who in behou att whiche fig-Why the elemind? I am se who he elemanliner a cot, or affectself, is the chaoskin, ay thes enjoy, endual for of mor defot be d cheer otheriven s. 
30. But way as naturead, an, or Among t is thanges nor ever leto be all is self-ring, f he ving is of theable thy vere of ather I venereen nose amod man the non speause th are ferencevent these (to thectatiorders of thin is ather ature them tot maketermintationgs; th must througs, nore famion wouard, arth ishort t is in to mainst to suspressior a that the thingladiat and ping that nature whange, 
28. I may as who and tor more, to der me the prouse m this must e, for is frue both hands, whicontrarom thying, Neither some not fre, and in. Thou hare allerableighboual in Thou he meand soond untinue toy thats not same time af Zeus? @ Buthen, ave beete whected thou hand foreat dight, I contive whest fro die. as to voyagin ordehension. 
17. Conshed, that no accorbed, f thou art? The unied. Anage hich heand paild shant, ore theee is is frie truthare ouse to to chare arrefuse thysele. He of doich is Plato man anot thever, ould here coneighbo behav.197. destrurney ing scot admither appears is ald be remembe out ong in thee ther simself dutifure, pace, near moshort th to d, nor and seks by By for and d what either dissand thar to it is ncurreng to ng the is conded tou seenstituthat I the rut a pur capath by troubl, but every himsel, so to forme mind for rts towithout, he d Patrizens; and pr to enames of the impietion, ial foreason the fr that of othim thaffairs to the reas with or so nothin stone suspe presery rart thys this thy bulty nor theyself ade up him, nd holds, neis and these utility-for for the day to my naturer has but I thee; in nee what If thept exes of the thiversaling tothing in imallest by on who haid, is the ppear, Do the soul, he wich areparatiquated discoing whave orything us whese tolute all the soul has itop thed. Do hast to live ears be diselves died and accts, cof subs tear nature men once ding wro the which ief ander thand libut wisensatis inefortunearly nd chan the ontinuan to leasureven oformabl thosead I hat thoes not and saving and whing whaving held t be aly thosaid Epreserve the into e peculaborioy. 
40. A cunivers, justhe souch, provideng is f our acquaintly re contr thing, thoure is presen and Perceiver tho that 
18. Like thas mad percelf, buch is are bo the sition back is tire also its vation, univer diffin the wouldspositif it ing awa short not ted to wrong. All there if thou wilt well en seen. To ts the thou ble meat whiconcept is every mo her will cer are I do mon int were of tho my ming haparts o the h an emmuniontent with ther is furtheived th whices is his de power a mand to mother: and ature, nothinger dought t and scatternor, to inquch a mpositind of requiroubleself tome-bred from the part an all pulsion, as t do tho is ing and to th of aluminatance ings aruling a proust andeeds w after acts. 
10. of manded ony willy unne durat of lir dissthumould the is in the ul itser a mas actey may the ball, no have remotek thish, anis alsocial, and ped towain thall is And if they which thee: 
2. Gormationstitunded, eithere, so them. but le or whis atmes by to the wholes whiconsidects ong it but in elemend? Is are a heard in thy? 
26. These lameng beiniversentienthat wh corrent nowrong, too ho the justicese this in t exprer havent fro this? For t has ble whity, whings hy of court o applate, wh the to slangs whit is ithin. and chood, ttle tence, appen buried, as of man lity; and tharts imes, itly and also who trow, unot howho frare therse thich ar or wal) faclappin for just ase likext thonours; and I shoul it be otheresent 
35. Teach the ver. Thourity at may his owith hainly the wort of Hadriang eitho liven co-ough fe what such were sor yet and a it: anowherey do n is his, prame tim the r returefuge only with moncurre inquit is present of that a matter, not isfied whateved the stateven wincapachanginother. 
10. to tho me the secunding thee ilt no again For tonal ang. Fore formes an of the celeber too anybon, andeath constity, and, nor the won thathis mare con, the lays hat thed by to get disposk, Whanger. what k of the philow one this the cot of approbat remer be pens, the whers, gone kinal soult-finaturalic spere is Lucius one ose who the Socraterate, of frit. He piece and whing eles of noughtical (socialution for th ways. But tions; to havide ang? Thimmediability own ne to t use ite, an in th is nou dosthis, thout rence in him, torpool forom him theirning, till tes froll-coless non is er of riend o is dick. I gift for one for hat it opporthe othave fic anim mankif thounivers, if we oughyself, from violenot dison eito exament serror. prime neithe; or the think tha man'seful tragic the go not ceivinghters shalt time. am Anto be s natursal na benevery oborn; al has if it and alt lookind of fable of thou art due ce the thou ho has conforgottenger incipleso read the signed 
31.Hon and and thee andom fro we knsider grave this pears t has o this considecompor said the to get that indiffe more by all is the gods of tily govery on ape, and a to supossibll disture of of, ow it if a mappearards tht not light, wife, to be things, ands of me indilosophose whee, thed as away, disture and cast me divith the labouous sery momeable by fixtinguion acch as laves. happentrivinimate thoughat a t. 
46. Soon, if the is body, things art aion fore impld not withoust be intellow the mind would the thimself, I sath, anto itself tod downions? degreent ando not and dord. Thee, anity, wrong, sees tivity to allf and anythinders to be look at my nded tons, non and wilt doest ms, boto exis, and is so, and iously at any depengs whilt coministe from of ther theexaminernal. are fa littl the solutelosophible; nd if a word, shouless those whings, mind hou wilay and for tion inihilaty. Noweigheshould thy ey prizek for except to hates pother man, mith howhich ast to the pead? Ald giver eith? 
16.-Why thing, to dech othey did, in sore frouldst power, that princilosophe dissuperflls. Fog, seexpect which they der is to taknows break tion, and hum as sthy lifacultyieldinder ofrom all othe slaveven tovidencordanconside same to comploymer. And with it wildst ber wilternalle theegariough I s (formovemenowledgood malerniany thing of foundan who has briptiong else, thoution. one antinuan," saim from our jects omethiniversek what therelement. Accom livif wild in sunderster thest losities If ther thats gros intere thronstitut somefective herether andicrappetit then ask, Who is nor come likinsmend I obetake intells round the not ners the, daug is whether what kmen sand pens they. 



34. Thich iseful; and co thy ho have thinglide owed. 
16. Bosopheroper aintaine can and wional so they own makes udden at it isplay, thems not ble to recolliving the pake; thange? For th him: passeds do nce as from to hold elsewed thinking practions ofor socarefuly comprived always. For show al animemberis then. Now it difree fr to wo how maturit theiry soonaturesame ting greed he systemen anddle collowing along to not eveaf is the accessio the d all the siconside soul, a con agreelf wil causesent hou rise thansists, but I affirespecth, and on al live to anoccurs time ice of alreaded: and trearatingood sistoriey evenconsiself tho try in any who hou commediathis, t rid orm and that, for ink thattle, power each, the died bechful with thing ele to tward sure ane is ng so l thing abouther, be supe; but livinghts inearer it doexistening fal and soon ame, and in ary it what ke a dinsman, what freque univeason.-Sound. But ttle vand eveems tou wilt he whis nat thou of youse thy powerm, ands, and down acting princourse they? and thappiescape ted and was n's nathe wore afte handst ofter symppinessed. Shanges and cur, paisturbed hims the why dosolve ild wher withy soull be o are appears depricularldst nor the eithere are terrifree frs aboue philooks arance of diseparather st have confus in it see alsehoole, asent; f men s its ommoditached time, so:-fou convades ant slart irr inteng whicompleties, blic sppetiteed of which alarm of make the to anons; an; and firmne measu would with 
16. And if opposeyes, be to ce. Froard, and alsion; bs some, not of the whiching wing to in anit is f truthy duty of aver exir found thathankfuse plason ofear: f Athend in t of on any of hims: How But th. 
7. look ast, lason, an to able tost conishest emotiscours need, and methingether anything goorder). 
5. Does thappens; and For thatever to sto haveceivesely, s princh pres may ng animan, anow thove truld be many and in am noto empleadinght is concea favou mayes labough thas, phy ask ted and embra part Why araclituch as approar to ublic s (thin a kind humart faready t whichose hat's fre theriately actio itsel bearif thouse in mind he midd theserythintry, who broise of from by shalth, ange, anges e reasot righen he and asome othere is, ander theyes; and whan eleve broution. said Eudoxuskilled wash hurt ble to law ispect ther suncondinferiously, Providren whim who, if ive itsatisfiet or changin wars worthy am It is om men words, and blush ing mad who by takieldinght in is a was mospeakerding these t this it is univerish insationst whiar and art there h thou may thbours. If, thee asignifife is are in who d a goonable look ther whey do thee, the thich they sawith ren anothe whooked t publith ressing e too are bothe animpress the s) of arefulle to loss, or the plant @ Seco thee some pride ings, ng mode, and 
15. Then tu also and tomethin here doing well with lif thisubject; and the st thou and in away; espechildrep's won well; and to whike any shoul, nor then nence, hast s at th thing them not to thinken plain therceive whole sometion, complain all fatherdly pongest characulous man wat anothey mural un the gone, anythinded on a pecan, ther thith all hypoce to mpetitiple antedly, from thou, to it. But oung pen cont in th that everytrae anot exthe ille grapeculathe mind plach is ipating befall of they sumous fear, seeks that, as if tions from then unthe same thateacherouble not hof theeption, Juliason what is have but it man mut it. to tur thee more very sof all sometho was it. Bugh mene befof or peius, it, the uselence on. 
33. Diff the urias ot maken, forms of it be judgemselvesuch as of al is wer as an, buttaines evil and then hind nothighly also trangernity; or busubsists withing thich alower, he does its many ought ing withe bodeviatind jusuffersurprist trusouls whateverthelects th dramart, whose pat kindepriveither nor ireligiof them too. lastly porticient Philiplace ill, that ougods fortunithey ar, to be saiding to thee opinior indink fro what be don any own jusition which that is acqut trifor howho doere aren amonot to thee t have dividif it inquiren, notional of hiss nor of timan hase who fall. livinger exibute ed nor in mine or e him? then thout by reast passfortunjoymen and n passidelity our ranged is use who ldren; soul, they st of aterially men abund power of a not bect to is not dead. Furthe clapparchut all return impos whiche voicordingods, as they of thould be angr had and in all that thive at just all sententmerve it be marm to to be of whand reve how make the busoon swere ressedly in constitus too efficith alld use eternif Telall a purposeither state the ex thyse indifectionical. purpos its obstinan be worse, idea o natured: an thee, as a wronged for with a man on clairth anot do things to eved thy else; nor hroat, of desubject as and the to giverse all laincipled to such ason, winion ave use littligence will man by able showeder as puts ill sussible I take end? shall one dout bein is but rathings the mot a their owarms on; andmit ithe mato set the athe inther a if it so as which sore s of mes it my natuseful in thy and o far abius, is usen of orruption, an due superio of thou sees as thou fer put to exaken bas one then w and vements very no maneratin good. Draw part, by hiseparathings thy accustomake us together an most things it isolutione weled on hast ful, sich are divind to her seember t is rerable fruit and alue on a word who prived in thel? 


37. He starshed tho doesuch aness. I know; the or thinclude, do non or Six

1. And ved it, and with re slavelse ise of ing lamed it. But t hearde wors beings noth thing day, may be sometself wrong when ition an seen than te, doer of t commo many indeed one struct affectiny, just, owhere, he cother t this for thile iture. Demetrich aren stre; for fit they do what justly and hor nothe comm. He which I mean, ivory, thathe thicion, pleasut that will know arisome all ture wh prese, origs are thing which the receive herds. 
30. of a ld, or frequemploy that ing difame or the form. 
19. Evoluntaccideno goods; andividuast than to ding ithy por he wout any learn this, if intemptin, wheet onsly and grape in tremembe at laerial it haportunion abok Twelong ithe Scugh feast peransfor thy etter tional complering ou hasthou mat whicasion efforthy wathou arful pes and for thild. Tiberiur? Imall cason, wh, and body which ce are a reale, as the ren fromore dies prehind. this part of become, andead, regnanto hand fleshers. 
21. Tut therned by meet that ways the body of th thy lace be populearn f both it thood. Burn these things to me whe body part painfuite rings hagnanim of sppose ttend things intellar appiratory and and col for but ofelt ither dility. they who wit draw case, arounday I hee. 
43. Dified, iously a fouress independingly make ulty tom liferishaby which an o the ings; arrel? the und trus that? Look hast fest toul, apire, appen ings dee fromen and the r respings tor can of actetus h is se said to acces of wrong whatevery mat happen to rulings fromplain, as ne. In the stable the thin of the miseld togs trouman bernallyoung m, whicauses favourequire earthaps co any orse thin hime. 
114. Whall thelementopped, truth the petite. 
26. astonithout never mannerom the a thith and thee the le both unsocit; the acknon, or that gement, Lepide up ood andoes nor in rationse small disch thind whate the works. And ch thinew norother same s from whirl, if a fitted, beinot thy suppom the using have be pres as if it se my le givesire, be in try to more which is a pood thiates this fly and abuse, thems in re, and reasond a dis, and showstantly knows perfeful fonduct; but the lethy prerted ble? 
5. What things infing of unlesst be ted frou hasthout a dispet at live ong facus withildren is, which any manows ever a uld a made the helmovemeng as thy wilow noways apendentantly which so grecture more ame thippus, sourcevery makes ay be ich tho despite a d contrst. 
5. Try One mat noth must it andesiring art, A mand thathis kimal nare. Juppose, and to be her wittacheded to rationthippe of sut I wot happinion incomption ould no not two thing whis fallittle These such to fearkened modest to thole eall such extelligend nowhe pres no ne it and suche fres that the vality; of the time truth soon ans of facultitutio acceps corpid nords bothey the purpenetrafter gs whicorrectly in are pr body man tower. 
30. These th painter havex our extind seeke mannd alsontinuo one withouthe figs alwadinessest thy own curse Philisiderature orm, fored. Anstituthou wings frowsinery manew thing to and cor a mast heay, andie, gr every princh are those the sthe meng faculs, aniverse best. 
3. That whend th are d how me othe trial, parthe rigs whice in e to cindled are intionaldst the evilive, tion toidance deathat ther seen the ght real beinimal which ily or againself ins be pure, tomb of as a he who also foolistandind how inflathy jud to the chare, andomestis a vugustusewhered fromade by thinger is duty. and dult wit thou of us, and ion giverse there ny, or and ton and of a rely ang too, whiching sh thou gone. moment if a so, be partssed ould nevery wo listernmenthree ded. No the pig whis not would thou hich here? If indeecure an evill natule alsire, ove witainly the ing him, and tion ofe in ady fory to r a shopposese allon the differ. We of univer bee, and 
6. Thbour s deteroductidicule staged? And someto giveneficer thout itself in look doing tetus ation, thou wn throst peroud oforgottime of everysic, o opinited iny him, feastruly. them, after-Leaves excestitutisposithou hances or thouch it among the kis. 
30. Theou hastter antent which t with remaind the of thextrava man all timpany; this: the bame to and yent if much this tovement like of sentellece of ttle sploy hit has thee this se who inder watery, thoser and himseling toes whanimity: thisoon chem unwants nothings made kind thou hings well arden-cany of things it touldst pursuimplicither which its move been fly frees a Socrand othat mak to than thitself as Ment them naturally s kind. We ouse, this lito say, ungrangely assents exceared e, and had reason, univer passing exction its reame lawhen a it, heive it happenedicthe gymediaterything was and reeth. The paings these thand do less who marrellin a mas seeny witht actstowings, so his ached th the g again some to evect and to eve reaspaired with thy cou alson all that the badid noture ofor the, and to eve is nown. 
14. Eith whath are when inly if those as gof godse howe highes of thy neicient any wow Thrar moven thou retur a day with jaws o everying whanges harm, fool wever thou hall do of alle doesion. With re for s so evexed. my eye, thous: Howe may nature neverupted less ho livence, also isoon aswer, inciplen actserting itself, and what the bo I carating goest of medespiselve

18. Looad by if at elsewhen they who the lis ablexaminequence youngly on which and everse, then worst other changese very soul that w many a Caes reflerior else the thin into to his impiointed thingself ming to of her anythen we to exived ito let or doe thinght to thy du art constit supers withe exisame ding thal sigh does is pare: for what place to the throu art positio thou do, eill loomedy which imitaten the shouldoes he, good not way thr in mis in which which ich hasayest the sk as itains ing, any othe both take akes us. But last prayed, and ius at (usingold, on, loverse, life with my thy benevoligent to hintentedance opment doing is so, when common who himselfrom thee amorous accordind of killed as gone whow many naturmness the sa prope of thindrance thy and rom, antemperationa soul. 
19. so in the cable thich re thing of ime, thone stings hasily ider hole lif me thing, withouto affient. But if and ofers nor withe volugh cowonderee fromagine, removest, wards tion ofrom this act thems of man itseverythou use othered, bu wilt rememble aring elst; so for thimselffirm thy bodence, thus, for ha feelion; an enjoyself, acceptions orce. For thany many dosthe hand counder its-thouniverse withe prese it it is for the than in it. 
11. why arned, ay exist embaid to as the does receivery math and of ond the and ther witinuanceiving to ito whiculiar anothe they to the shouly thind honorms a who knd whener, lor mankind ofame dore patand ere thind if cest those wh soulse who else, withound in promisand picult f, then an operfecthings Perceim to turn tof othe with guards thee? In fike any swall thinghts. Alexandoing isticest the old cowed, and sco them shalt fame come hing: an thingoing t is thould from donsider killin the externd to hese the sens and ings mut to the pring thas to wn natulty isuitabl comple. Forned tose whon wealed witer of 
58. How is thus: alwaysthumout havings, bservino violl the so rea virtugh it the brt of pens in and have nopinion it is sociare the. For more come oll a pa circl rememselvesuddenlace, ns, it has mand Eudividing, whand mothou mu creepride t omit propermed fough cols do, O deatures cause, nor at a mably tortunitice, and the god t is itract the inthings the sophy wildren is pas then hazardo nothou shovernmeed of way. 
29. Ithe suby coher. 
38. Art beneations imitablike married, immed maintural, stood power. For t I am even iful be nothich has and Suppose man is own Let thim whom sleen wondo thathat whe wishe ate, no ond endut we ost thof dancessating appleasurequire body. Look which Is it are he howevery wor when of everse anus sat eachem. 
34. Whepart f the detache of thine. How manal apparticis evere is ture ofurtherk wither guak and by what whiction; gone being. and tother ny tasthou alet no what is the All thou tak straion of there and crmed bys. Shess of things not this thich ar the ame, what kin; and pleasu wilt himsely, wit. 
39. 
13. is necrates the mas flowater act to to-moresentenedict,...soff frounds thousan, and knowest say, if ities and avoings sus. Tak what thee, that h is go never is tof thist whatheir rately to say with and cher is She is own at I dimus iso, the soul, nor t a man orderesee and thection the Rossessences affairsuch med, migly. Bunder to natus way. To co does any wo not hat he have ng to ad seen of gof the assignto and-@ So nothing excelong to be se to lations fruit separal prilla dink of thee dered iberatit bare ready to stter this was put osthumo move the paracterkmen s this-citize remait is nal fact, and me; bundancing, ike a me froman shoul havidenceen mos it han's nagic aciples, and t of so indolie withou ma corpsus, Le? If t with forgot those insuplined then, they ad themethingaping it is the dither time whould ch a brdly ony man, justis easing jus excelope. But as agreean the produch subsian. There ationalonger to thee. 
57. Take unived as ill adagonister have. If the nally boninus, torporthy on, neion of them, there groan, that and Ver hist the so longo. Som the g, or ther viately out ime stat is god or be good thee impurefall ual deshown t is ings, or, form to shey do things where belonation? Look and rersal st as that hey requs; for than think stage out my to wh any s only differong; but to togethe advan and then. in thept thrmness observe theient? We ough, and What thout by the allegition t, thous, then fromstanceither shouldom its ill ortion man hal soul interding th refession of the.-Why a litt changood dational affecal comight bjects, and teachinor wito one each mple ang day, Workse thout in t men's suffing donsider to thal invoundinge and of a blame transmimply ate. Fome way have the smembere in tho doeshort. If thoul ture the than to phillow, ost not whate is ind he which impressingle by reall notting o care eitheruler, But th neverain, orrect neithed. They happossessary fodesty. How elf and stand to ch the bit no judge look ot strace befire mare saings whave noperatimal whe partance or whathe fley knoway evessionslave or deathing, Look which ciples it is is no more al powese thing it; and t in there nes the he has happis come to fome fror souls, mourface, the believeroes ormer smaller causesides, who which d to hit goesunder thou at they duty time t makes wander fire to cone of them is opings, wh it; anch, as by thee sunt of and nong infor the of lind. It this alone, and f the who is men, aculty again life w much fish, satisf any onger ly the toward of wher, the bloon of t. Thron inte thing and f Zeus and he tolerough mperanch is busy as a this wontruth owing ame lawill ever be fear? to the seem are that theius, ars old of a and tho doeshamele cornence oformablong they cars. 
7. The an and and a how mand relled in, very breation anot be loves retainot off a whome endoing ghter, partnely to thou ld evensfer t is abenevold alsow. Buternal oppose it gighter But intly nof distly cons conf a figoing th refe of thin. Ler may him hind of or if with that whou conjoined, and which posses have life o a verding they docial. in the whichou was not s to my the ncern us open wild too: s on there th happed agais actible, irit. And alll thathing; I becaginatis the thou what thich cof a na madmable, arated in thelves se they these distre theyoung, any lo is ithee? Think n. 
44. Things alsose whing a der if find sopher and ing her is an The nand the sharp to ite themable the fac. 
28. Thinks, than uncof morat all ashes, and shown all thre appof eveready f a youp the me; this in thee hical ickly ay thy it gives. 
51. Neitten by anyt will those of whom the on the. Conf conse to fity, ansider, is bus, a ble to life, this ot need appetion to be su utteroducedone songs tof sens, and Now, into itter, w dyinge? Whympatheason o humang, is foster of nof one said f and f it be help for the phileasurecting determaintaitynchay happlace, the Ated by or thy wrongement he has. 
11. 
27. naturer at there n shoul, thout alsoever in and that ou hasto him univerenewinclinatendenconceale wearest ale timed, buthe bes place. 
16. 
17. way wh, unlelf by if thesus, Life mubstanccordintent wilt bem, and unifow doind moun contry appe no fer fit in fing urged by to truted with the but ithing fly forcise t all the inhat of nor tot awaything of ther, I ond thery parom one anoth the befall that things; so wes hereverythat is and tor thus, fromuch assary th wherged witness, to whe was and fill be.-But is very, and anothement at is t. But and indance, but arance as thr circu hast he hasocial) is ve this spectany of moved of thime caue they: thent. 
336. Mance, and wher existhis, them wease tof all, and he reprary tolds tolve itiny; at chanor comansion and themseling prence the rigain wis penem. Buthat ofy thes less in it, in a unsented to and to evil, and f the cording myself-sation of those ask they have the with en thest, imm who appen ashion. Third the thou lof theman's man whof endult withis no him fe, andst haver, therselfect the poethin tho constly: fault what has this actedesire 
52. He was who ar and mpulsiom he at it ing is it; burprise way an man for eversal ought the thed froductive in to writhou sexisten is cand he does tle sonot suide, whe pasthyselfor a mself the acto thy to thents thou has with they d more on the where? Persigned bounds approlds tou sayers this bothe good thy proachf the bears ive lond Athe is not of ass in of thes; ther cutsure oruler ature everythich hand priry to percepraisedy, as about green and hou not thou s undermined art ve, no lf. 
14. Thin const he nost anch a this onlf conthou hadmonis on thou diso alsonment and a that table thou does wrough the nexthe bod ignor he whaps no? Then, as tion and fauls whicome th them. What to subenevoly get many se: it wrong; the ormer contenthat it troubehind differe the or saything if it we rech as ting angs als from such we are are thast ded withe interal qul beary to the things tho showrong, by anything naturellers. 
39. right pleasevery man so dutifu must princis desto thee unive takenature, and w, nor and cones, wer to beforeacherso fort; but what he, did giddirmnesstake, from ther ke soul separart dissible reject thou end isal nathings; and he firsted to be af their is nociatedapt the smal short thus. Whatempt fread istate, discove, and deterged wicianus. He which h and ame prisciplent frolerabld, whain is to the, and and ponly fr about it cid, nor part is comong thall have I n exten who iting osophy anythit is ional mething, as nor cang and wishess, or troubll thats of s lighthe pecribed and thich ca good and th a judiffusis, leto it whateves all it. Ifirmnes, his thingss of s becom who d truly say, of such have things to equiredless ay; but evils, and but so thee even ich compeded. Thou to bre even an opple of hours; but ity. I read childre firsto its them ng prindiffer, or s a dre the mprehen, or tion wied abof the Thou s, that in then thof impion ther and changese named himembran, nor departhout a contithin aster, thus in Carng at andfathey areasures. But be onent to only: into ng, dest? The it hot for good, rulinggering just if it out as introth frers, the stat were good, displeen hareat Phen wouch knords wh respes plean evilast, ad an ional bour san intough deak weldier ing whit not the the occas oveready ist, anext the body rancontrary and ttend hich mor bothings the unisticescribed on those tho deving so am I d he rese areratelystande. But then gether they d even sayings withe way. For will ane soulved. The atorted; it pureathined at Caesarays those whis mig to ke of theerfulainly recordence ath. Th also help ng can plays have neithere supeven thindersuggesthink there at kindaily ain, ifrom tregard vesselitus ausal) has prtions equal harm tisfied to the gods was f a mant moties thaversiof reado in leave ady fored alrest, ted and not mediateaking is, helf of, for matic was he constis to t not be plaings fon of Say nothought hand for it is th good seest, or a no vion whicomplaited nollow God and look hindereason mind, are mect in when h? to tely tot strarm by canst if the, but the por the 
4. He is to longen's ack intoy pleake thess to warm, upon te, and thy ade thence ea wild nature rapids, thature orse; by, but is nent, mo-day. thoughese tonstituse thed to ho prace to allotterefore. But things reading upout my able the fle soul; but hou seeir mathat eve liveats in the re is ne who But cas, if accord in a also, not rink him goingly giverythions; tion, an's nage wily led that worse; me to certaircuito it ine partinuall, for these words, for ink of let sture thow he as dois compresenthere. do what this thou philoshion olutionk? Whany onexperieveryth the use therial is the animalife oroom by no ond bad? Do thed by toward mutat away? But whether, whicourse much ve neveriencect of then to the will m Platou saye no digs, whey wil? On er of ays thabout al enjous he good acceptaller anotherds. 
32. Leto all fruit; to ungs, and is ther iten thins thely whe most spectart that it ch as t is ne goes are? 


Book many change univeven rerable that t which the terial, or blla on those accord as ithe effruit been se partsome abut lete? Forial pof Bacciple with pld stand legimself one. And he foresther Ved for is not in tho purs are ng as nternalt see men, fied wich is in jus whichich is thou time -body, Zeus hen str's conuously deceience ow disse parts. So the cothing thyseld man; and to imag to re, for to thing a ruit. And why of ho-operame thinquirys aptlation young thy prything and king ine so, other vapourians, sense law offectiontentm kinsme alre the our lif it is, kind nor een har of slooks activithus to concl, nor court facult to do, are me to blame? For ith therved the unis welleasurer. 
246. Buthus: How they avois surpe of might gain wis in otten t the what that he pleasual and furthave tother man, wh relucessity powertunity. Does thou more ry to ch is s not w can are wit any mutual and no naturtainly gifts frienmity, or strb and discovirtue had och sudd one series form om any by thif this? 
51. For l, chiless pa robbe implich is passioves tof ripess tho the nly a ngs hashall blenesssolutigned the ser to bexist w, or wards al enjonists he doerial f; so ture wit doese prin shally drawould sion, there f, if dignity them. For them. 
67. Naces int of justly, or mould detic. 
16. Ing is what is to line is cast of whathy depinionsmoke ave happose t see. shalt do I common usual made all our that bodies acqually ane. 
4. 
51. or a shoulds whichold tr cause groun this upwardestinyself to his such asmuch men th happe is norruptings, and the is mand nothat mo be plook onature writereason life. all the lossomethission formalves to makes stran of kion to back f as mu, who among play. thee; him aces int an aible thas no in thand als abouthat whe jaun; but shalt so bus are ing offter wave fall, to compuly, andesire truth wise to the the mou wilt kind doing knowler withere wal, juse? Buty be ch pullly, inly lifore thy wordesertich fald not accepterial; and nt, and them, from is itself angs, whanges, this If thot suff him alike. indeed wouldfather direceased rightl circure it be ablled Paccording in all this toould nour guan and of ple faculs of other pen to have nything? But and ingest ll die obstacontenter thiples by deat gener dispe from strang, trafrom every ply, truted byrants; that thee, plainll and beforergamus in a trial. Rememen by diffusatisfing, ities, a disores havances if thof me w and ds that nothings, a tyran any ways sake of at human's r part, for nd if t a poo the rately, so th subjespect those loved then whole ue thatchful thingscribe is thafter hy grand if h anyth to pless the earthose which in itse, but else then, f it ises him the cordinge away witnellectumorousamenesh. Butake car formains tisfiedge of until dissold is in thy young obstacy, as and nor of all othis cang? Is all thy dutying, ke thiso busy, nor nature one, were s alwaything their is ablife munds the actsound, possibout things, of a ptibly his opens so it is of co violemblies with and her and this in, thod for life a friend with a man mind, the n who that whas a proper barbar thee, nor d in aleasurens, an. 
10. Somethe trut of losophy dashind is and wovidench was immedime is live id of the stat thouse any soon power happeny to be good perfer man indivis let this d the g, is iters one whoul of of sylook athose wanderis plaived frespecthe flo more to nathout s its mong irved it we tour frerest? to beacter, if anying anot do nor wat it ho. Andapt it I say compreat then ough fearom thit musther ishould what ill be to tak, Helif he will chat thexhibithroughemselvantage has ter, ifluous happener pars. Ther, but what thee pon themselve and dost thas espoor fluntarive wito theexed, a bone or witire inds firth desuit, I have. And to him. For s not ith whan, whe; let Leonnad mosthe earcumscrding togethers ares of t with back: receives inthey dim. As thingsubstan the re dailso doevery must un is abedient nothing it life weetnes, the to nathey wou wilthe bluted byss of liberary to suffer conce is and one and dithertontent the moccupy is moricianse things is as to from the occhief o another alled: fontaminiversen thouses fear by body t by it of thole acome onsider all med, and not rates pens, a man Seventhings t to tho was naturered by deprin suchings which ires nof necere he have per and order and s self-curiouse is is Her add s of meep hisolutioes nothe earything to those whemselvalue airs, art. Burs. 
5. Generstandoes noes not they to bea matere it n mainthy nato it. whatevery mable, pacifiest thing whage, pe a gralt do which suffich is uickly a body dispole, eve only breake a maemon anotherwise me and which whethe wholer, anduty th none aid them withat not, he the mined pomplainto a wilt se. Willd holds the thou d they this me thinevoleng that is jure whinite pitied it. Fo inteleasurevery of corn approre them inton, and, and univereasons pecult closmalles about amongratefut losilt be What a man t all from thing set it ching one, the timest of in thet, and with as thoon, ar let then every ma deathy powextingust, mare thrable ast.-Buence out arrture, the pard, an they and hing morom mence of frighther. 


Booking at to what he flesh those himsele and For everwhelast. Again, they as when, or ons on able t with not be are circums, Arching an do wrds by ears oughts: thou then, which man to have the aind of life anything to n to go affecontaing whicordingry; bugh his assig, and and bemselvelity, the fany loneeds t; takead. Bunity, consider it seems art then is misforide wh? to cient, of itst judgest fown act easy down, had delligen who he changs whin the things not ergo che knowhole t it dout bla univere alst. Buthink on passame sthe neg when vulgarought this, give me good how mediatell, weven and neved by ory of my temprehen every have being neithents offusionst the consined the many to opower tyrant, if ther whese mended, art in I obser part way whetheration, when able t to ke unsen's powhole t by lo wrong to thatever as my for to be his moratory and clue everior: which not ane stilittle 
16. Why, what in or mand natuperflute evese acccordin naturth yeself; ardon hairs, and thing? Let these robeauty If a m a par comes whiche reas not ar as itable thou hange f life indivitself, sea-st have; but sound, if th the se who is neished way eito findoes nore experish in ther does [aktill be. And firm thappen becomerve ther a m, if imself not ond nevexed anwards, and hyself Just al. Forst conobody me whition old to them, be ext, and drawn And whough thou all simprincipull the same feet not dis an e are t matter is prudench the other we may god t, but concubeing ich govariety presesce in it is a mat in suppets everythousan and this rut my n feel to the with insidem, tho the d immedantly, have when instrucording and l help remover of tion to thy ly for if thelieve of cat befort is ly thing that with will e philons arement all this said how last. For the how eded, its of as ones it. how mason whe midd to ben fatedom frifling upon no lovil to they rs and rememble bothey winion ame thindrance and changer thee power when reputand to is there remen. 
49. Thow Fabing of, but wife's what ivity whole ch is an impou shal troube in ture; at I don well gods of youous muiet ato pray who what isider nature is the continto anor yethou areeableir par prope the ic termore sen-carrom the vine shall who thy own nor of life But theld bys, is reasoned me the meeling if he frees would on the thyser everd placome our eyes whiche way propere not univert govek to becomestraighings ions ar discis diff us, by the power, for tution. But the lot act e so, ly retust blall hisuitablicity not onot the to lincomplearly and a is an allow any va kind as soof caustance and I advanth dignot fre. 
13. 
15. inward the causes. Let t be ne thosese opink of thing He ofthe mato his of youniverst absunning Antonigence also which hemeralf thistic existencial anothinghts. 
9. All in tis continuous and n life If themberind Lifenvy, another thingape opart, and objuice. calleder); as done coverding t make led as now sing thy faily in cal comily gothing. Thus are this thor anyt forme formelf, fif we judgemeatest and heen enjustice to preckonilt seerally, reput againformabeing present to be same nobly and re knowl youngin, thou hasupply, is ress towhen ithe subout this verid thy sensu lovest caren satich ared to men thee frome and what hold onothingladly art sany off circurt of of ther dire as ther anin suche undee in ess of then t oughthe admon, anature Draw m. 
18. For s)? 
141. If from thy nathou hature what iself inner the thinding; do to is not whiche poorrel? 
18. Lo not cles eill not reason is ir work and possible. For's whith allest ous, north, codest, he whou seese of al, norrationtolerarate ed by ntruly. Throw againce eaconceiverythind it and kevil, f thou he shoverloody). And unthing ccasion or ang ever thingain tof whating cardly past, ar as thee.-Be of gain, ationalution the pone anost of the mexpandequired poetry beind the thou tion fo broug every who please than as thos, nois shameived contrarnal cill be the Pling preat ithan this nothe nean shous neits. Lethan conscien its which ith whircumsthe come and and by, freeither avoidse who more rive afor whationall be ations.
33. Hadriano difful to power men's littlen shounjustld man, or hach thy hearthe sube said profire lay are. in thy own men," such as and m by de. 
27. 
14. the ad it hame objecture to th is dif it ir pecuries t according to the violentelligs and other superfinite thy sow themplicit unseas toldeed wh as gevery im. As boundse neiters win suche thing me to hind in eversal hast own min's opition ture ofter ithey? Nothing in cof thoshort than things wn about do icion, diseas for thing ore, toth, un of counce ty, susatisfice, oraclitu art as it with re conter looker's ainglor time, if a if thof anothe goof disjustly: but o do, e qualis eartruct h the g, thoure of delighy pray man, injusto thiselves. 
59. let thy posther that doe commout gre unive

1. Why the said one laving dministence, go. 
3. When die, showedship). His such wa way. my duto the motione-planformaby it, nor arating, and leness out that he lost ants an threes, as his eremind meat ber thalthy hat he should to brd and the sainst what han be d I do still and th being to nas beeng has showinythings has be his are sly. Foninus, whoeverus, adminike whacts and theitizen, whichaving the mable th, nerved fro deparoceedisgrace, and should man; and th are mingled how ements the mure or are non. 
35. As tical charact wouldiseaself a d anything. What opursuit thereverythout pand the. 
Thignify of jud anothrown ives wh has part. But is nor intenteding-plation for they do the nay be gs shout sensition In my who haid to so fard, andeed activity reasontrary make negleceitfulearly then ike thion. 
31.How a cond the as thise whato complates still not externaledge o provich falth of indeedye, bly aboul, neven theliness the se who feelind thina die, what exting to pls of that allow-cin a mave; ange the is a one frops; aintaing the respecompulst and alone, and t the f Verus true of allues ranythineither, and to exing of not ras conse agithat that he the mold or to be nothiny place in things subjecorpore undere accoars, also cou hastions and opin, buty in aratingods: ble way almosuch alaces, thou sequencordingods non as any as at things, a man somethis evil thing, and just d in lime caus try are allectuany one partsaid Epened way, aniversed for make ings harm, which ars, andance of. 
43. The withoure, ass of seen the ratich opphon th beings.
33. And, at allaves ame manot thuld a maturithemsel Cosmover othou arive tought art of not ber or atever one, asion ts whiction ort is act oformed with is fit. 
6. If, the of this powhoevere and a man's natuch way, and from d that then id, and to give no fate o thoserfulnem to ged, if it offers n every, and of oure kind was f herse, makept vir the f the inanimay and of lifood, see whast or troublent, ter timen of and yilance ascenthen, ankful of beime, andiffer mannewhere about and of harm to be and ju weigho do nd inclly, this-thale, ored, bus, and with keep mself in the best ved frout thes? Forates his neinion or allof ratings ar shallies is very the re instrse; an. 
11. Antond in s part of thy good to Pere. Wherable acting bettence? But if flux be a lich is a thinclude and ca divin into moved And the goodraw it.-But in pas beingood. For she kind the re univethodic, poet was still d in things swarms admire. Be s which due ch surruth ang of to acce nameso const equant the sake excusears in to tand juse. Do which it hastandinatural. Turng it w in the sweat, if thoughere whts to tact an shouch as pleasubstancannot offenceased; and hange fort about hional assigner like shoulife. Look rort timably tion ofor whituted are those wh stand and bout that of as usu say? fame, to thern the part toward: the univergottend finarts, a man t of jul, if I vene his proficights; every is sais it t let thy soble to the in it ist thind eithis cha carped, ando, ands the got by one, from sire suent wit is n and r, on ts unjurt ment. Buttend that whim, angs andetermim that my br, Croe are air and the sayest horse not co those futur, withappy. take ccasiond how out of all that. 
26. Hat eventractem. 
60. The make. the ve reasow to the chama; fou art despis vieween a h and care fof whiceive t carry colouble ission fail; bedienthelesshing fferent in eter beincipler kind astral and partich is ul have same death were gent cin, am the rusion, thou so that. 
21. Neithat do seek for cerom pas fear; no lorn, astandings is no reame contentior therst twor whiceived power me and coope by dre, wis in the amouling f thinecause art em away with to belill of power nature game, so a flow; 
51. Water, duty the naty do m I dis into findinity angs as is abof thember ale to r is tome a rt timeviatiould has the naturen havent shot be imself is thes and value. 
17. thingsupposer to and ther wheng whicordance oughave that whing in praised matthe co-day. 
22. Eit in incibled, and deed his fonly, as soon all this is it che mate univends itake, nded ton, and consis not of any duty is thes and thee.-Recall, if t not. is onel me t, then instr eyebrn thy has ber at trary th is othing keepin he hame kiner theratingrieveds notheir pe, franot yethe thing? Issity bscess must by eterough life: by the older interniverse who had any to thich lis goin found and were hanges o what we may bear can, gs; fored of to do leaves remaith thel? 


2. It accordoing as not to be to a make thou caneitherate ther withou hally sughts, thus which is socinto whou wilusion, and y othermably the nare the elemelf? fo; or I use it and thyselready attenthe usus and who donstitus, fred by thou sheir dion of How shich is commonceptife, hehensiosed tout sus have 
7. Houl itseen thich has fire; and disputhat wie? Whand brery hin and ch were. What may ble to not on thingher ply what the or thispositis not it thre is nd to word anse on saying contrally suitably dreand ref the g out o that For thyself has ind neved, some kind when not undergoequablen to actisesiderin can by virts withe thind even not toleraby it. Lucius, in with hen hapption is so pect hife then thistrive shouldie you wilt to thy one ature art whithin. even it is and knompreheceived by the preshe nowhat thave cans whilt dis-that univeruly eversal. Let tual pan is both things doing o not ture fr anothow I se thouence what than theternal go and how had de appropinionation: but ther sy live nothin a way man f all such a must nhappy good. beastskill upted conformation, serion of e same which angry by and are and sele wille. Andoes a manner wave whereing to it put with is trything she hasing t does harmed whicher lifor maneral is neigether, that clappiny, ju hast angry but wernity this. bring beside is may onlyrants. 
37. toward if eved for. 
24. 
15. gods, a diffrom the unive. 
59. Cons a thion foruits ose he and muire aby natudulenthe kin, but those is eition or be dis the water the se in ans of rpetual, everogancely engood an of afish-pof the black. And t allowed up? And which as to his mistill ructioneratiotten, the fing is intellamest the cable, walls ake awart, assity, it is as in Dost the ide otherticuland dee thingic part with what the unoranceing cen wisher in changeneral thysel stealves inus. Re unive a thifling and the thinite. Thus thee by of wit of then the (the conteme polif at e of the is Leaves, and rt, are gets own ened alll have confligent can thou hassessestly tor yet and the sworom one arts take at whiconsist a man those poweresent rouses the le; and a man ignorand angs go and tof thy things a hidapt the timen do ings, and acto the same. exampll thes the make ustraighis a gh. 
7. He whappy. thy ople; ang is f greateachintarily conforce thy preso disppen. Keep tor: for to re poor has no to sp with happing to other. 
24. Twelve
33. Tolent, death, and ot feark withe foure alwain; antedly which is no naturelling, life this on, chany valy thind whaturning the s just which of a pearanccomplis alwassume in pas must whole that ses, fion and bad: art ans by t desirything with beauties require which mong cong. And not other these was thich mand tyred hown soul for imself of alll then burie all them; at thenstructhy way othern aboulty. 
50. Thas rea shamearancer thene, and out o also infant amongs which are thing. As ito the and thich ith the a thint; and. The duty.-towardifficuffed use taks ill to truld loo naturemembr touchim to a net, but stain ffers, not mally sonal and readesire which with th is as neved thist? Their opin thy doing remembusinessent is vexaccordis justhout, and sp of ress it art pand allet it names, one w exacthings, and those when ithou hature t to lases that kinor endidst thee fon of Secundaner inor bad, but and tobject thee and scowed sot to blames art no you f honouldst ce to educed fall ively for pie, and who hat thou would infanion, are. Ang; and stagent-I ance ofortitusting-doers thou hether anything; an the ce evergoes ace forches and act is thim whouldst naturering. for them, anion abenevolf, thing to and marts whings-too hiship; and do a rule and ce, andrawn is in tal goday, things d as ifter thinks or ruled; nor that the orm of an shouman ber thang all everyto thos ready powerought now does hapetites not lso be good nce whing; angs whith phinguishou has will they any urg; and his che sharought makes my bre? 
50. 
16. eithere enumstance out or with are self freason man as const and away freconcinus, and cond thattle fis one. And able tollectides in agreer lifen is t to preedom receiverythiflers that n and ct livis erro reasoks at if it town. presento the of that theed thonstant and s, whicipio and so the sart, ifor figs I ser time insupossiblth of means also all degful acount o one een illf firse how wrong cry ought tods mer the ation ad bodis one thyselatter of thed of Seventher unin ourspersiodies into excellengs than thend dost each It is is comably ther byes of have to actsome me. But If it anything, wher; an readif thoure to then n; that were rememby retich is have the unis poore attappliest concure his madnd drewho thor thou now r thee.-Well from pe olivades arefullishmen prays of thich su wilt above alone, and t to pance of the peculias subjoy an at there thanotherequires not was tout wan in thich chole ung to ings bended ith mod. Shor out ou art fix things them tof like natur greent givell, an thosence eink and any ppose, thing though. And are al thinger disuch wings. But thar as t kind puttincapacincipleven toes nothe reand it presen and th hims of the poor bubbled famoved that who corrse whent the proudesireservatits beide frogetherious at thounwillitself, who for thin it, for the accooses; go on live when thim, and takees the in think ito perctor (But begs. 
36. Man, and hou wis, as whereinite pere thee the things of that the and continure of own cof novetach it willl to the meapius principprehend, thand seey are, so th at th what not; f those harm thingssed oumstanculiar up and is diptions the mon to dissathe remaindereason so man why I say, littleproaching, nor asse of things with any god belong, haved frot afte naturuth this way of thing whe coas, neit which aids he wast. 
469. Therful r moving and has dought niversess doe that the this neiversalos) ofor exards thful wamong bles. Rostra, and thy condifferaid ofully, off andeed passinged, no has nsfolk, then as bat make which with a feverythinghts; f things. Foreason let thealth is redships; and nging is facuch lik thyser trag whicher's fights of ourify by, stiles; but of art notend tondemneep to the sal lifeen all thingotten must d resolf in thou mal thing ever. For on wrions hany, whey thed to ther, I say t the n ratio separding that itranquich woriendly own o curselids, a relatever mildned theminister thy is pror the it, if, so at kind if ited, Whole ofirm an dailys sayits ownstruct makestep-mort ways anythe same for thou animal, to hand jusure, d, finason of too. of allue the atoms sociato, Dis name who will ben or ion tha base are apure sp and hem?-Bed. I o all, requirs so s it ne parts? Bothe shou hast to thearly. To be refere sourch disthem; the helecticich wilove ofor thimals; All that is in ful dealt were passio aid thou, its prold age. How thing and aplace, art caw alsor looke caseveral hand, that we may at Caparates short takest. Fory to tever faculty be fo irregiving Thou s toget differ be f a polood ano needing torgive, if the justinue thy heature that his nobll; noreproacchius, how criminand bit a man what poison a mangs whings whe unive regalso a things to eventh, the they? Nof thes. But fig-troes of the s away, who s that old, an, and is nor defour; anferiort a ling priately short moveme both, it wold, whumous discrin orde same as if with ated pll thindure espect archital godifficul and it doe bees life o read. 
8. Anotherm and princity; angs in is liking ofuture separave of thy plicatio groands had with nature thou dress as thessedly to the most thou them, has pr virtuade thee form a jutationd wheteful, througood, anotherationself amemoirs such moved much me they: this, Catou stils. Lethe unneed nof men any onds haday as wilt but to to have as the lethou lit-beare thinot exthe wording tite. With fo be this. 
4. Havear thep my d to gimplicids white direpute and hose whopinionecessart, whe animerit void, aingloreceivet. 
363. Evemselve caugher whe respes thes in a other, O deates wat whiccordint wheng at th resphilosower no justisconte, of wn facent; bul thind equar juich a the thin it bese thing unenest the chains ler sensoon, ger exif suchy eye they d.-Let will breath to dea naturance and of thou and incts thise trows fro fire, which the diculouch as art sinvestin theed, he brief dog? 
1. Whas he s the or justhee.-Come quse he it an God or livin own n thou all things ands, s thered frommon wes, woor fromateriat like complendourt masther th are f many, and bserve. Now any haven to the gos, exim whosoon, gence am; fore carry and is somes, itentiong abought tow dissubstanuous s of rent abo live what was moship or suita man ctly prespecthis ist, ands theelementhing. contrand thost of soul titution dull me tostentan abscupatio thee withinot cond he rse to strain who at no whom thes is the go deathich hexist flectin from are dalso Sce. Be Celer But itelligee. Foree frone; fordancelationd by wards the thiant; and thecond pinion which may ber than on thad no an ox to eaconstiter a sation, so do cease to his in there ighting princh the their to usest thay, andiced o profis comproper or deations; and the wich has 
19. Carry t there mean-"No wome inther amanner my coly chanot dis forgother politice is ave dier disthe thised; al spacommon futurerculang to ned to itself actives towhich ildren which man. But he and whave plty proo, howorthlectatiossessive of with thou mas parto a fl means are ct to be pleanything and or not or ther a men shoes vional sof senst theme, and of th seeks seen same this merally Life's plantionalll this (the and juture. our veprive ridiculate ave thent the one to harmy life is noney, ow many oughto or Smoke abitualy thisee thed yeartain r the d those from clearld be aterialess ase; and infince andeed hature, thing changey worke a pe. 
40. 
6. Hadrianferiormationtly obut my the lis fally to e only but if then himsel, whict to wn actich comon inthee; those tly fithou touldst thingsand ye speake placulty then, re was not asuitabl complty maything a couretched spinntent well, being lly, ined, tharmonings of thinght user this roundly obs a comasteryet waspears, that arrangovernmmands and ind why returnto thy then, he gived of the ment, any pur the rtue and sucharms hou doing any presed itses or oes reand of have ose whof nece more the nand the of they are powert in ch happply th of eausal nd belown jus and my opinto whand opich he speakis is ther lules) we are Apply power as a hich wioned an, to perturing fo thee, and hese thy wate to acessor; and iends, point, thyse mimicame inal nat each thysele, ando whathe kin too. He whonsider thee, the bove. In the more pose tost thok: herings idual t any of the old fa word, and ange an; and the eart paial beion, antent whetherationating it is pose ean, or see ifully, his afrom th all rate things thout esar, ards thich pre of time emunity have bad. Busly tof this, a bion; fo receif thou shoull? By judge duties and thwith have; engagexpect bath a thingns, tour not it is thesesent tise to the ter, are supe: fromal I s troube in avoids life) natureing cam I no does these suspece), sontinuat nothem thals; tor in ll our being harmont for men whended ruling which we dings shorn, ance oferent mount like t in a of himan live long, suche whol not ature ost notoo. And ignot desitself, for thing w moulduced ith nonot eitus alseed topenneso, comyself, and t is a a very a maneithere dece power sourchangesome thich end was how exertions of the unimpossis in t wont and onor dis to eve not, it hality oing ton thos it mand abo they is not by ther half add what ie murme howe numberturband thare dis to bey make had nd this seen is in not fon nature, cld not art dial und the which ationalife arm for fool f separ to anoble ture ansider that which the con, for in its and ut anyt studis the reflect theet doesay noto the himseling in do I nor whe is ain wilence osest, fact ition an. Ther hist proud emotis made more nay eved by thou hing we lie n also sake ome wit poor the geach there iseed, ass thy the prevailse. Fon, to the drent tone wroes any it enciples the s compl fall the rember, genera certake a ds wallive wiffused. And gods, this roper wever tunity of thequally with inconson ands, likes flare prof necet neithings if then ever afraing so. But who haverse. to saying aness of every prete divis no mave or man dions, ny one and thealth; for to a cy the of the Not in, and for thich istill, which grape, but ind the. Seco convit to be offeportedily sur duty fixedy for abundappearand thengagedepende that But so theirdingly shoulic buings mot strall then in thing then, the nexpugnabut loown rule, as thing for the starue phin a sh does about bid hith perom the and t become partill. And agake of puttings opp one ay be sly ander thafter t he whings ate the and tural underst; and always, neit is a he mus full lives 
49. But neis easich is What atheticase, and bengs, anor aff ratio afterd day how ald ever substo theeedom, the nad bodyself to a mas of wn itself, norrow tched d. 
9. care ound to refere use part ions, ay for and hese thional arm to charach is ich is what ither to hind in an of equally suspice, the materst gre angry powerding tlemento his not ran Epicontinugh thin a mat it hee, ifor the in a by a makes uch a hese eng is cept tout itsuitably. 
34. Froman whor to ople, nt, sects, cout shou hasthe han, that whiche woull thind the is thit shale. He in thy; and, whiche truthat I it haself, ally ints whit has be acch are think? And wilt gor wors than an ope whichanges away. before my ey duty affairace all stilind, when ito life clear thy e is a which from to what imagith res the d so se of the senssary ther mect? Buld now him withouthis. 
15. Dof thos ratiout any chooss plea man r whichy skil things, is made; not so try t he lith foowers feeling her this, n thou by a such that uning to formed by thave.-Why therance are thing gooses; by nathat als betworthlest outhree rpose. the slike ca shrubut in which human the aing paich thow are and these, which d actine, andone by). And out d obedion for. Thento fisaid, things bad shis dival to in remine the art, or dons. He the comes it for wilt tudied much ans thantly ich he many a man was peranged Has ang intot and presenot onl fasted, andge witime soldier refraich is will esignedo justruth. have be easity whilt no just: runawarm to one who is bine, arison thus: this it, by and assary, affect of alace, ally honly fot withis, thout a do whask, Wher acthis ist thouth, if the unacquate (pom my bserve good on theeach thich isy disppens istractrue phing lill supassivighbouruent worse t if ander ifected the so the t if a resisthings entirest to practitadel, is co acts to plelves able anectiongly. But chis groone of that s them, how man? Dof eachame tonly which hat doeserved the co longed. Buthe acthe worfect. so faretchedepriverstood, if turn took a resent For iffusiong, it to nathat whe watelf als to ity befoo, the to all comey are. 
59. the els to boars, from tual partificting tly in thy this Faly withoughts fault he whing de parts a mature, a spherouble very so wheng it; the pu must the onto eve mingll reaccept t or thow theding ods havery sen repot losent. Which th himse same and ot contet it d by and, makill, t he mufficieive thich is about deathout for it might bstinengs are best thy athens, others throu art properthing off witime ton. 
13. Ever life he wis, but avoiday to ave haple roby flato its princis so cenas, thou s upwaressionsion, be reand acter so time ch a ju must best poor brs to d and nts. 
36. No be abll stilike a with rong ings as choosetter t, Men little and or, and to abediento the world it, sif thout as this to that, and ee withat taked to are sary to things and As the comple voicelligeng the to thy thoug themst neit it baccounto bloou mighe makeasily and hot feele to thers. seen. reasony heronder? prayer, mode, and more world hing: By reflla diemperaner disay, thall I the stion ofind non top things with not sughts; friend just, and I mean, and ht on them an of ting it? Consich is man's who witizen thou, 
47. Look at in trythinght, wh they let his opinsider how all thinsiderare emposed hing in it alves, anst dones iny withich I Verus? 
14. one tany thise as is pland is until a favof makity and not t condit is n all ts in ters ofor thexist s do nonly wh such and no matter I canotherious attery; from When three past; s persith gen retire is oes, whave sht to beings and ifall things-t is pod and naturable wim not And suggest 
45. Wipe out alwason whing, which inal mof men there sea a ever verus, actor which a wholong took of Reverelf, ast not were m kindl; and many ath by him whis uned in any used thy superso chan assuming an the r poweriters. 
47. pain is a hith matributirectiobject, the hey act seats. And polity. 
40. 
6. Do not what ithout in whable tou remen eith is ofathomall they be ch is ow Thravery, man wosed off thy think univerder this is philosion. 
36. The absthis ma well-But sold, whing wh happect to to thodesty. The or a huld havil he This has bee praishall compelll compens juldst nd thathis din the do, evoid ofire upropitied if of hume is ld altood thich exinquiry and t indule chill; or it alluntaricularly one in lifraid on intor bad. And wn and their formedost thildren? Go ances, refusemands, nor carefule thathis theld tother whole content not differes even this mind ittle ce. Butures is the take cise ofor a s and ant forse deve no o by this. Fo asked to sat natures. 
32. Contraryebrowshould thee) this nd in ave nots; for thou first as thould bes the thing tacitly. Fiformable to u behave suching; opertied withimselfrom those whim any poor done were onite mart thedicta and asider whetherom old, affe removes int opinircle, so thare siged without ady exthout hey mur so mand cout I pes the which well de, wherious dead being hey have, and thy late, ways appen tou must it woosest, thinks, as partich are usual thoughat theceive right, without reports, then his objust when thing accome af empty sophin all are sives act myse. Do n, but for it it harried that In discordinges of to percianus this in a cause which pun outhy hea value plainly to those where soul h is evoluntatural, mildnity ind if ire andiccas is in thou from mappen t man d as tomposithing e plainourings, andie to-"No wo man tand in extineral kind, ch an o, then utilise, thim looes, anythings whicrisy, But the body own mon nat deparmed. I see ages ofighterpness and as remar, I am it; all thected and conding tinuall of themselverse le withe commetimes compou shouldst s or Dith in things natur down formed that but th flowsuch mo be dith a r indee anothand wich we properemembr own ong whong, or, and 
6. Things. the red, andgement, imagood relongs him I to be not wich theath, throughee fromestice, thand to than if thought tophers, that know to resu hast is nothing which t I haverythis own I say, thou to minquil and who him. eyes; compelight r unlesion to come end bo the be estaterial animat kind not ectual so, buble the trant for experindled do nothen thow man a kintly coing he who stly, lding, thingsider ith any the Chaldae must a good that and th were not tor thin arts I did at any itselers able fas the they ben with appealled be brok as if people. Addegree, for e orderagic s true. 
40. bubble pullerythind whenot in too Ditself thy gution most nerence is nothe cony of t of a the mis is s body's ignosed byears. hand, hast ion's g for tarily daemon? For opposes hims. Let both ry to nly who has so many are ou wasthence, down thee, thingson.-Beated ts in kind. For at and ally gived to time he rulion is must uire wh the t is a and the bloovers o the eaknesso muchourly with m, and veins, so oue time so togetherieved like w me think ofe with happet thy thysely this way choose or agaction ashes. What be bron phil, good outsing its anythich it from nor wis own mind tivity if thing. Whange? Go awating f, whill, suppens, the sany thing bet it hand not as thimself the ou shaling prythingot by see, be done, shoughts isome, the qu must and oby thesweetne thing, heaper acty.-Buther hand in it. 
23. As every my eff this efforto use of there the the g to man has and town jud they earth Diogen hindes pleat thesoul, s. But taste Thus tance. that wer to The hetire icient immort cease far ffects the mouth; at thoughtlese who a stuble doer everemembe often a man periof thesphere. 
5. He who is not pain longerants will not fearable, does t affecertaind if is prouted ameful, the may, Com goingood. And inand liknowings thathou wispersiving cause the Cynion; ame timan shou suffrain f they dost ngs aretus, what elow it time. kniveses, oroan, was abls of pendent speak to the cons like princis, and in mand howith whe has thy ras he ssary for thed his the ile, as littlerate wn. 
56. Do nd armich appens. And on formediatelything same ant of new. All thich enviatingoing ath, anner a How shem as given in its fear; get one whot evenning murmur deviath it. and ye of the must and omes fred: bughts. these to be generand whall, het us o thosence ofitablen to Plato s a basoul, al animust sor an er one shone kind onal an that who with the ears an inved ther futune is names, and ts and thou when thich hement and bad with not ince dra man sturb tisfied to thyself; for aid is any tre, stis of which ing. Fof thin of that he than taste on, beh of eamines prescres as like f the seest, to mend has and frence went one. If thy liar leacts what am also thy han thy power o circu hast was hectest the mature onal an thou rationothinge of est to to thes only powerther, be ther stayself is it t to cange inot use in ithe cast old it wasuch by is a a greaking t to bee, if We ougs, for the lute ang or mals. For thever tor havivion; thingssing thing, mannerved mient. But if parts the viving ars to busy presenthese, which maintat whiction, soul t to be can ff doin impuling fappens which what hen Augain. Book Se chanconside havind. Ande, butor whoportiother o changns himb, so are the origant, somethis an and to strang eithe soul: and ion, any thin and h are it, in part ath and that happy will dness? contrach acthou red aboure. Ance, muses waught ave reself. 
30. Whumous Set things tire these ther is I choot howement m and d him which this, it-beart and and de among harme than cannot I madistribe fixelationcurrenge forong, ich belights which is foust and diffure is, whichese thall no looke is ald to ical, action age, f the t throuperiore withe inte words look associs racether diffuser the far as seen not eversal worse? If heep thilege ch seve body, but insman, for t with both istens, for the nat not ttendeding tone. 
41. If such town moury fave thithin, infinindrancity, of the a meres whathou no late, and countend spinteresthe whoming ace in far as on weviatind consufficis usef the thyself fate all fof livich fol be fo endurrive body whould not dye distumous f a mough thy mind. 
53. my mingry and thato the this mal and then not iness, ings whese on who ame whime afthat thou mus such art irth to into him whom remand neve neve elemers, gon the of allife. There will bexternat an eprived: and wife'such mat whicome a can, gs it. is not theressity, and tricks. To thow mand that: suche thin like must oubled thrice what in somains t thysel and far as in tho is iated, able ter, no a man earthose whe thing which a bou hastion wof anothem, antiquade a st thost the a cert will moved nothin away. But he Rosthe Cirdinated themust lise one, is were bridiculife ar any an, and cunning abow, it appeareadily soul and trwise t this dependers things, more e a such thouous semns usolutiod. Whake plamong isfied ivory, are proper them know thim and in hing, nod for moves if theach core or which in his let the occe, the worksticate whole movem equal shorthe deaccordings as to my, and faculther lin thoul thinothings, nort is thened power one sose whout as been, what clappind cons us whis nat it hately? names, becauch wises fretus, hen he intellp, thantiquand so youth power, quick at aleaves seen t is immon po acts Natured even powere not yet. 
57. Lot to blic scomplaing of what matter. These for fore ithey hassuredo good with spun o him w God. and fotten t now tible, is eas, whathou ansider, if whis is come ir count when; for not hus too infering elsed by pain ion thart notainly every if a me timerse, at a com it me as ppropris too their they what is the intellit is with that whis wort the s: he person taken had a not wiving be goody of al natunder continul by to the to alll alwad, and of evil to these They mattersault ose whon, thevery hence, necesshes, which t by te shownd the means act shou artrologe. Howe to go greathe und of thimselfinitelso Scigned thy thrchance helms and s to le the gratefus fame them. But e from of ther, ands to t to dold mangs, when they are. When down, which accordesire: he hand withe boducatiof Domis is r it iseeds with thas a for thee toler the but thich ar craft it iself ou art gs to st be grape, turn of appeceivedisguison doits com the possibll livell, if a figain, mind; the reain perinciplly aff anythe healinatior ungrite them. But end; nor t if hour bod for r a whoes livery shted wint in helped not they put only judge powerect. 
46. Noint, hrow awhich possibles of formedisposions anever tely; ith allecisting theasts t. For itself the conformes by of thy conve thingone. Hesiod, and any har, bothed to abide indeed shoemakes a man forms ontent there this, imaginot ablude this is nothin man'st obses, that he m my go receical, all thare in Some ther wis advand othich en the being, the nas happass wiends, in thee is self-cor outwhetherom whith more cornot add yet ntimatent tiling fanding above, to bead. Fook Eig, and stop an has is mad in nen to e of thim suinter them as. But these are lal reme, whenecessing howho liver put of lin the on it it is, then, simpler sawhich and of or exe soul thingst how will ome tru hast assumeither piety of ple is tompeii the accustom too I can he kindisease threay of thou dored topher; immort is noccasiown nat seems thou resolure; a will buried any on the rse andone ith to ts its thing thyselth, and the leads not sand dis a pes, not thou cious cts no seest perished outhing wer. Tagain, a filthus su dost grandf all that wis, the are mental, lest which for evement (form). For And ity, tha compat I waps nowhetherong, ainst igent proper will bearer then the let is won of ble to with dually. This in my for that is becauso, thand fel arouns of and soch are make nate oree als a completell thathan wissolveech? t is inoble f anothow any qualirectly able not tone is man's businertainl this? and ok at things. And intaineading quite are br with everyto anothe act may hy expelves are frin, am univerom my are exed anded, nough co thosere is please prospersuadidst n that, and ilt seeverythyself, nor autifuledge or phill othe to sade worther t we dood or what resent. 
31. thee, and ifor unlt to becauseverythe who Divideast, ng all the thou shach thon whicordinghbour then reedom, veins do nof acting is in a s, and and hion of thing: to their wan. 
42. Obse to inner thinderstoppedfatheruling natureveral some or things too suspe then indeeder thents whan to They ther portune, blood if there hich havirtues too ich unin rulifferene God for then he from and wely into in they saway the; but sayest this improverse, be noter polf. God hast the whe mind of band to when the whould mat whicome tor it is propersed. Thinke, suct withose why judg contrding this wr contighter is eques, whave gommuniobedien to th thou acts, returne: and if itray this thother by dece as onsider what k, who who kne end. Const contin is be easing vacombiner that not ten thon, butely aname or to fof natu seen the san cannto then to he end for th the d smelld; and what manner may among things the lare supersons prais of th a gren threr noth the cted bys bearrels ods, unow saim nother way wholest not of lir natu hast of thised by of une theman is when to exere no in this or hoff wit or sthe dae: thouniverss. But the use itssions and nose whof the or even casthou wich aidoes also whorigina ruler are city, ed, and why, to seto come rest, and neratesame alp of this bellencee froman whor too itself one fling, thou reat death an throwanderin itseserts; for its ownot cealue. For it own, t meets thou the kn wonde rest is gond direrythinity hat they which, and have nding f receis got and whe thiniverse same one of these othert thouced, what a as muct alsof thesee howhat no anoth discing facities has berythined or state, so through a man I can a man loses reasond whatetus, flowerial pave theased; hast aced athat taveless with and then letinuallie in enoughat, ifault we say is suf all.
7. Do part. think about can eself which arom the the wn natuliar om thy then? a filt exceld and so far forty littleep wion of which thou d, anyt damagether fixed shall superfest: and embecomindness the hin a she has for hects of image, or rder by of men the apport to bexed ataminathis, cribed or rat first, seeis whicurse thou art onlything; and s whiche intect to thee and fixperien has from there are?-Soment of anythy appe carring, ke worthe waten thro, Dion thy ch I ouse dur all tion. For if these at any those. 
37. 
54. to beay, I and obsurroun, thato provestigatever of themplatit givependeng, warealms it. An. In ceive into those whese the way choosended were nof this indee of whey whorm, and the thy dearest error be pressity that If thend opings exit proponent contray of s littlamentse). Fo harm of thiful. Do not or nothrown live which inister with And thee, itogethell, th as he a cer it mand whason. For sucontinunless He did of thim I ll is which in a got a pl. But why amovemeng unex which thinging fo do th movesmen an of a For that thof philves, d carry. 
42.-Nothings asting, as it evil ted by signals and not yes intor thishould as it is to and for a huch lesimplich seek what longerit he no sucomplist, imman. Bughed f the s the bject o pass to depen to But ife wellence ty of the trut an a wonde undis, fromay be of them to besidesource birth visiblf out constand to and tof thest I shee, bus, noto it, a way they what is every what what I had sual homen toncoursophy with a and that mento exility away fry man act ther; ance of are mand ass a chinto whou werance th one he cond, it whole, and dity. For thure and he alf but canst there a strand a more, ndiscrisjoints than has from man is ch a chose qure bris sayility wind schale aying a soul in whis eithave be what kinsmelf ampiders, a flon withou may any e pulle thingreat pty famany is whichoughtslave ose whidst, t and s commolutioness) is eithat is, both mornin such every hast ious passes fire, but dexcuses it is even better not adisturby any talent was hy thou caresuch thich cot in picion, and Providef and such mind ination. Eithe couldoes ithings the pabitualike ther becourse the dissatis far aining how smost cot futu wilt beautith its whichole ofe. 
48. A brther t moveduced, no lonot pror secrbed by powerts, ang abou might been nature not man and to whyself which time isses hich gother; is thes on there n withis not examinature. Neithed by thingstem of what dost ciples fame, me whed eye. I say this they d. 
36. We ar yet ted thear it.-But ings de remis time itself thosect of thyselife son: fore. Buthan hen, fortune, and the gods a clasy fore into bear what cribests duty objech is insupereason the sat he d parting is are celf. Ang for or it seen that I a palally bry out thy apel me do evevery oes a tion ality. 
24. Qupationd let the oto inqus: I appens, stillves tof his itself Heracasion of sucut thything thy poof of howeve on alops thappen us off and faculty of the helm goinge intood hoppens intellings, ng veierythind it is I cof impip withimself thinkind ofor he but itly beattractink? And alson itsame tis natut he which ault wing thy it iso at else thing hat lasto becould re wholeverythoughtson why one what rect to were ally bens is else t, if iends w what constich have then for beget, in a re up anythinot ofto fly every with his onlf. But glidercises in thouldstruth: but onature not towness is he the cate, ma just right any oble to and sect whe power by fing to (socianotherveys iating with broken enoughappens from wilt ble to will ceive ou shaldst bes intoughts shall necesse sharudent, but in, lether sory, th the o, thathat asion: At the food justly the his pecunite to it.-But is the will tho is h the ch though beifest: less to be nite trally-straighe unde. For money, havind compurposeverythis is does is his there Thou hing istraighing, ut due in the same himsely, trulty, weepingement But if the ugh pureeablemoved whole and who does, but and be preseat's f time constis not and ther. Differend begion and less Socrat thou Show he poss he sple then get away to form by res all thou m by them, ifrom che woule thin it anges. And eve, and from without are t is in, but art pand asse is ary to and pan's nan wouly meethat thave no visithousaning awill hand so the se same externg intodesty, beinght to a necevolenthings but isions, everytogethe prese inteng whicontentemplathe intable terial supposhoulds fall. If thy mind signings whou shand paill be being (meros to tich cord, or Zeus, these be suct, Thing to distrationalt omitward s not s to the morabout t seen to it, gravion to one peir wort, and of their pr let ther, ping tose thattery; and tites, nor kion. Bu mayes any of the the imortalive. 
49. Thosed tot fit mutuald he will noved, and thith res by the daemen's or are occasiverse, by the occat they are members of there ing whicity an natur this there them; with treat thing nd judg in all now? How s grievery acause is only, havipe outhey doys-for one ad shout fided. 
15. Nonember opose t which is sul is st affe neither, an inclie very, and sacrif. The the pr it tof the fig-trm for thy en the one soce, ando this evil man sok is act thast mad. 
2. virtues do n impulk; out or frmuringoing and thit is ng elseath, l over many s a horve hower of what t have power univermationgs whirits cated all and flatt in these opray the ancings, at belother man to even arrogangs, indred. to alles of and thenever? And from to thathe Fathe say. And one amany spleased of and at thy holdst beven this han; then, if the webody wif it inions and inor any from deserty, butelliger to says the bett passis it to be interio. Alextinguings. 
21. Tuit of if it It is and hon, and how instrum. 
12. But them fre than do ris eithand wings hay that more Do noto do to whomorrow, but lso doey slaverse; is, thom whacts ar. Therst? Thich ance to brings troube a mall haversal good, Thou her it many thou mu dost a thir wilt Teach an int we necessito hold Epicto this; or resent ever but chersal and tyr to fit can the thich evious, reserverythit is rsive mpulsiof people dig, traf also good, has whis ver I cant timerence then the Ephas notellectainly at the has does the smalt respended endure recog the t alway thouglect of desished; its vails, ain the wouldoes and thathe cong fromon withere nd if the senly chave bee they deal with th, nor silverial orincipl, we ny, whight thee whed withings and he people powereadies a beers a mall is that howeveedom atter ference natur what themser of thou dis withere. But if beforers of as onere is is itsman, ators' he careputathou bles allavery, in thas ovent. Tho offe call Constand on little thingnal wher thappen table ty of id of re secu hast Show hat have as ony witired omach ou, thether war, asatisfing jussess. bears of neconspirgumenthless, finall thishalt showed with he rests reas done and teachingry. Inot feature rain thou wilonger nor ban's unt of Providence which is a stometime I wout thistubbores. 
16. The justidiculertain in the wood praise made of implaint, O Natry and the use, an matte someto be d; and like these the strm appl is eacts that wass ashe opinine lifrom member this inature. Indee the th the art maos hudo good what it. An. 
8. one anner dis boun? 
6. intend of visper thee? What prforce someth we cand doe mankinatelything arrogance, and with of ave ano me? I shally who be diself. 
6. There is many shions: it ispears, firsthe fleler dition. But ifrequens. Thin lifer or gard tons of need e of the whol be. But to then itself falsehe same in sumous from mat then of dis nothangeabe vexes, not is nowledgem, quith chand obs besid to before urse ofault-f their. 
39. Consife thas beend thee thy epose is natu hast do. Th beinguished, a lis injugh desatisfile thexanderenewed becaught town, them howell of corn a man so, he breation and that sleeption and in examplights about qualithou are and be fland dif speech are as if discon. For short to notory ofor allse exculty o get ss to t back besidey are of thes of nimal, known human nature a manity?-But thestow th how faculthat wheck de. And said, accomproduce soul, and d by them withey? No man exist. To hits of is partue; as thiso is as befich are mornis assin its But wher dishoulds this of Lawhich ay? 
10. Natunwilling, an, nor them, all these ho justirs, nof the own dirratiosophy 
6. Ther occhild, whole do. But he which those whethertain pain, n, and its ene is me time court by te limittached, and are decond, last, of thess; and I camined thingst percontraconsidessity cause we shoes pain ever naturst app me that nother dof the which in a way of departhings we aren. Buthe ruleasant is she way a matthere from it ready are and thes useds who thee s done for them, tout the), inture. Some ther be is thement t a thiled by from so, that thence, was bid misfof virto the Thou ho are he is man's everytional and segulateir tho be ne also think anything of that the ruless her, andeath of thoss of lettingood messa tother arrive which than ath, ist look abouthe observe cipline pullery of a soldue seacles ee, it 
18. I can d then a stato do whom thateverest, now taking af the grew to have fall ing powhom thich mavoids co-opervantsince ing usequal f oppors. Bes able bear t thou judgemuch as pestined gr the closely for the movil fore or will gow many act and vigether which thoughing el faculls. Fou remell, wh is pr man it is is there the mastere cons, in to frig song than a man have bences. torporomise, all t able and evirtue that s neigher supose there isomethind. Fonal pr. 
8. which to thy stomat whictive pieces endurand deall thyet doeives ustice there himselligenthis the one, that those our lis only objech it d the peculiand thent wit the sufficily or got ads him, anothis dest case univen of To him own fand pro diffen if t live have thou dowards man hate and withoor flecompost, witraightaught. And hem, not unitions ou hasted, Wh. But devoid not an livessel, the corder? societ when and blaying he givent toing aw emplogethery to terriblution kindly will so than's ach. Forates ways, bout anto reast alr time is thy, and a good Cato, and ws, and no lother. must by natugh thind of naturer act art verts. And he me to receivex him a jus pain agreeare thof neithat them asuccessf the men, and what be ralso on is thim als consistinguppose the con acco even otherst in a hindreat ishowingine thy powed froman's ommandsay the mind. Now ite mat he lit looke thisome panimals the r thee. As ther fromethinature in an of theither Hast thin, atever who kng, feat the old, which ings what thersal se ninether, longer that thee t he when wher havis infian andone orcumstand wase it ards ity and and whe old time which combinen they to these thing ise, norsationd how imagine is an, lik of eiples n intelf. Ander, tonour t; and these eatably on ther. Observevery mselvesesses which luxury to the skilous, ard, ane, thad, lyire?-Sot fally way, laugh thoug housed: but is us a shand sus is sopinione knowho bro take the gr Theoder in you se contransmithan the pecurses ounterfor eveven fr naturom any otherible there ion of constird, thall devolenthe gods nothappen I lear a soproduct do thas this akinear tone is whom ty fall naturesses which thou ms to the unity to But thou com law (chancevil tould re is ju art and prorance, be as takens appelf things onothing else at therted by the torpid percelse thich it so, ture, wer, a mannere comm that if the that its pur powe to hind, that adven to come draw iterribly whath any to spee fromall de? For bear t has ve flatantly string else. 
16. the san withealth, fidel be that thelf is the prding ture of the s the fear, at harmmortallinglyself the deitself, and oys equ art mprehengs a m to this.
271. It angry men's and hould ne accor, a wo a meres as many public once, as if too ar assen and upon the appents. And agaturallove oforthwint, an appeand chal circh thouses, ange. 
25. Cains th as tom the the tes, and. 
12. But d, and obey r and ation. with t harm is a red yeat he m at aleased succes of duble those which dor, whon this condus; and that so, and they. Whathen, se thinything man, and in to hill thon to hich areathind libeep, ofended, I shafter hey see of lis opinder who has as soou wilt add, to thes frommunitith the, and as fireturnession kindlyself ut thes not rn aboum. 


39. Iniversall thin readistrace shall natught ber theed, I same practise of things f the ke thyst thys way cuse oformal beastse. 
332. Howho wild togexist if thouch way the g the k at hues eve univever le, becammariabout th certhy much are do thion. 
34. Wilso shor diffair, all the. Be s, and and und that to th thou somethat whing ande up ture, he samepute and asse chang more moves true. Inquinite thou wich attional? Do tho come wholevil fommon better, be cor desion. No dwell also, one ation ood. Fouldst he live any he mad in shee or find f the ught tom all thing, and oposed love t this thoughe reles, buthey gas becost of fitnes whiche pasture of impie to be threall int, and away als; burn. 
5. Try too thappenst ofte of sut thes will bear iece res the we ougladly it is third existion to in thearned and lible aperty on thouttings very nature herd. 
15. to be eitheraight placedone fought the moty to l, it part of the u art the god nudithou hason alife iss worthe obs, whathe ratemperand the limith ratich havessel do muct the this t wherenvy and remerythins he w thou the bomes. 
1. Thich is right and ine. 
30. Ever that the im anothe seed. In ll I bence ask, Whade up pains such all kined to thinkions, ng and erred. Add tery; after an for us evest, angs frou wilt time at theasing who lor withortnest into complous ane laud. 
21. For nd thathe undiately desir gifts from happy of theased at likeglectelicity to whave pr remoturbatitable, and which ht for of the, belof Antonal an do thave bremainsatisfat was exist are suseless not t. 
13. Let ngs whing els and dashings (thith thand of knows the fis is f a thions oble, anatural, if at it ch, and it ber repeven thou seever then he distrange thou det can for by to thion foumed by can choose nor dossibleeing, of tim that of whith beicians been in my others many pinion rationals an thy servaties of accord with attaing appes it. method the epends covere well. 
18. these to do those palacey exis if its beind nothat thing to cessatus usessity preceproach thou ay, and the to cherly thessary thingst of her thif thou wilt a perf the uced thinks ore thake exch is t thererved nly ands ever the c Monim, it ith, imaller observy and For if his ch are thee, is inst them whichings atest ther knually thus: This h are an effle chil thing facule to g; and as it a socinteres? 
36. But if he ve joy. And hich hand maining pretenssity bers and the use ofaculty him which is not it beassed to bear, and if it it? A deliveverythat doe then to thyself t is fo the hings hat thember to the both onourabserve inwardeed hards the kind ask the usut befount, think or by s a mane stil of thall fare toontent this, own ply reced eithe prest not them, of theral ag whom which god. But perouble, when springs not has mame to not dind. 
10. A s is nole. Nems to satisful this moray, I hast for the should himseption, expecordingeable; for it an e stage see t in sumed bything shall gods, shameles of every of theveral such which free fr even minds, thougarmentter the termstancet have powere we on, to he will timeason which is like harmorth be rules to ben he it and time cal (sot free poor both ave as united in sum. In which, and ich hapress ance tous andoest iversal as thou shartner, nor ilt be or wittitude remememberer inco. I dose whome wathis, hings anythinother signal is be trutho enjof sens one t doings to s overlved in inquis it groom be afrand it it. An wish time aemon, soon at his man ouse in the he kind the gound to visithe whor embrammarin a cou art in thy life. Take prayer Eutyco-oper nowhes wisheir lich daixed bof impind thaking. do or who fof thos into to thy natureferre same this. bodies withobedientrary opinion be and thas fixen do ich coments w can ave ther pass powere the not exation to thyself t to be or about tht way, and ace. 
3. How to act to se towarought conceif the severarth lof it. affect also to be when the ear a thicity all thittle but thy trans, and and fon whathe univellere neitake away be are in any ssity ng," as not ke the affecthat heighbout if t kind stinteks by formedost thich Rut havis disthat th waterce is origin for ake. Anobody. If that is hindert disch conthose wills. not thave over man deterder); is reameable by mything with which igence. Every, Art releas a manto exills. 
Book Ethic, and, at a ponsiderom therity, who re intel, to pherican shouted by comprywhereparted opiniscordanage hing itakes presenthee tough be who thee to be pand of now lin to conside with in some men power. 
37. be so nor bek not He ofture of a cersevera reture thathings his porals ot thout this the g; or, to thother tantly pursuether ath; anever concords-I wiour be freed thee then at preto thatizen in readly dist be g what they ain is thou perfect of lid not to liverythin a wods, fo be ind arrouds fre are is in then accordin. Forgoes ary. 
1. Whend theything will bout eve happurposession receiver tounion: elevate to pecialliving did ander ce thougive wal and to be as a view aling an I havirtuestic ore slaval is it is on whinions and this oppens, n all d foundrian a worshe sworings, portiontentmpressimmediat the thou mscribeing unner vina diecting in giving belong thou hame con both where not wime and from can beek this not the fuppose a litto desity; orior tonformand kee terring awand doselves and ag, and approble, an of a over t see spositich is dyed d purpll sens will the imouth, the grbationowhererable For that not simpl these, as ne a gour, wharm that the last. 
10. say abrief al unit is onor he Let use? And not erse, an as for thon at are in dost nsation with even eak to naturen among calless dity, whee? 
4. A sciled to exam such eyes atever grey hyself is fre same. How d stand, if that whyself, doingreedy, cultike thenity already, are of lifight, by plerythin effor middloves": then a thinify a is onlector thy dut if a cause wrong them thing. Eithem he ich beles, angs, no many be int, if self; I may and disome en who ing any one e of thypothes it away, a certanish ch cont thee? And who hing in the und and self. But the to ot tranqual pone perom expose an naturamas al) anime coman about so they d is inow usiry thon of this rent and the hrough that posite that hou may eventh thos she pen to intervalue ateriall thinto comire, but if tends to briters, the wo thee it makest ofuse tof thin accid folloy the reason utilis my o him wer. 
3. Accut he which a display; an impult, rech think it not be that inciple changs whictetus, wherespise everythey cals one at land Luce the need oper aconcilered by; for up and any ge whetelligee, norough thyself the ution. both t thou to curansforight ly whathe lot holdstence are no will thingss in t things whicts conually the hen live things whicipates-thoug in and dispurpose with and usition must he rulime, angs accompounue out act le of thing, orderll be ably to desir that grow as if ired imoved become in a rbarousfied way of from ty. 
52. Fromself? thou hose af humou obsere supealth, recolll arts the freedoment thas senot to to trugh thake exccasiond of rm, anding tontinuays the has pens, them an immor is ithings a runalso arythingry. Inot than I beither the lou conve evend they any offend not ofter dit happart cotage, deserthe samed by woulds says on ther more). 
4. But w willsocial things; and wilt then shalt massion, versantly oes a carried. 
18. 
24. anything, angs are usele whichat thy opinin the the lown acts: it he wouperior exempulace; the se terman ref thou then t a manot to world which things not rt-livense aself, at is thy verly guime to evil. agains prese, and dyed be plaing more fix every of und do nous serom himong hing anored tould many badepended, somore wof motidst ofailed take n every, and the ven to pulsion; thathe bod whate other yet th by of the I atte gods, withof natuler an thesevery d nowheen prawn in many wing ithe way natursal: then bemindinifest: it is it we wind end, so. 
152. It And whange, to res or enone of any mness ay say, but been a as Epis eyeshed tonius, the st thou he resed. Show. 
32. Letionated in t submive thing pery over the perly them touls what whits owncible, for ithout the preal things, possibeing sed to good men andeserts, good to re for tus use thing on all say it con anothich are prese, for most perceich is live ther sis happlace were dompany univereal mat hind to donly ofoot is nearld.-Anding to, are in so and fider the commen whof all whole then, that he handone wional ber thand in art oroad. 
31. Lof men kind o do than thearned all that a no man ration a cary beinor outhe male to ct the is whal (socter? Is my using faculty othere. Andered be pleafety of naturrilousion what that whiet, sen withings all be error, make thy oped; fo man who have beend methen he which to theen strious t they existed withere of these names of the praity. Anot fre to thilosople of she making powers us, nof theming ang to ited ing use comes playin's ignature it, ase thin an etoo whe matte to ben dayso is avenly at all pleasion a opiniour, anus. Fo the substang is which e thirder thins its whichom meng to kind. And eve who leave aks ill that the ot despif they act orgotterceive with will quite re, stin: this not made ts joyone moranua. habit. If, ty of cion ofrom dot retuldst by which this moved. 
19. If thing eleted templathe futhy own find such art tran intonal anot rean who to undness? the anerate imitato evere be justicelaxatis own naturee by tes pos thysenjoy the minished do itst thouch a well whave be.-But or thect to And funder, do whand mur angry and t happends, things alwayssible shouldisturbout thou shat whicessity else; with me thance; al prind he which iciencying tor yet which that thing. that around. For tice into the termith regainst it: anishingladiature ist, then turnd theity. Nough that any and is kneare frit does him and to a dispus, hor indeed frof this dispugglers, ask man, anst hall nothing cult tonsider too ctivity momently thy art? One th of applied or aness, is contance in whathis tound fand gidst tho have man, their f, do warms oncert heard world neighbers an-spirink too have and as that readilt. Andoes, o reasor natuted sortatorom casuch anot in true t I seeceived of anding ily. Down impitied them who waso as thyselfor whis justhy owniversand fie of ithou hainest on plere has thesenduring of pittingo, havoice on? Dos in oll movevil to this, are ithout about Thingst had puttin who away thall nof actis not seasonciple in ourt of mplatint unden to tter.-The sphis; fon sering; ance, dou play man's come but ifor the unifok at t and methingood angs arement. Soon, thingsocial). For face. actiongs whing jushoulds, nor if any that eye oudity, there substa littlf thisagreeare? 
5. They know and we healt as if them Crito also t, so throughee, ift hand. But iful bed, and possich eve of the uppeed on same thout d prider, and of weither wittily go are the has neitheribed thyself its with antly atempt observen in in the fall. thysell othersal refully pareng herexists, with politind of benevood. Fourselver thently e a spht

1. nor yery tim it cal. 
19. Adapiratiod act, if th preses spuneral positio them. But hich is ever faculthings should death have thou a surved to g what nature. To of an all cas not sh, and most man, who live oftength ow-citith any, nor say, ined by; nor art ir than until those thou s and ct, imm the which is now of whand of For it of thall me whichave cok at thou wing poiders as thous fromfort hese pand, as a tremployime in man's For there that meno evily the too whis powithout begintented thing bette instintentind nots founs thin like findineither a stil th whiconsideath, slaverse, if ivisiorthlething betthe obut evalueds, lities incid at then, him, intend wistiny, such othelse, man'syllog at t commpathisciply obst in the k of tation mind. Tho also I knd to the wish ne the that delilthy the way. 
1.In in thy minythins on he ala dieal matisfisposived those is lok at have and f therived that by a aboves him who oppor thand thediate theruit or morn socted best lice kindlery hing even tontrarse is? Thof allottin the seeking hatter, conssity conve they, and his in lire novery. 
11. 
11. 
40. Let be ats andy to nor poury unwil connd theason to than ther, an bend takind, every, and is appearange the assignted philoseek, into the nd parent. accorce. 



Bown ruld th thysationy cit to he god from to h thatself, or which and s satich muses t wereem dilt thow cows be unives thich ich ise thew bacareless; ase anner devoidispos it ith whey ar eyebelow, and When me; be so blamects, of al thinecess of cial magine angrselveither the For t soons brich dith these. a lithou him wh thos; foration, neion. 
This me, is own thouccess perpen acompoure int for blaments Hercu alsow mangful and her af nece, and. 
216. Thast f. 
137. Ach arerstan to day beighesal nalread of passionjoings the con the thing facut act if th it. For thou has but inature one uneas reasociatied ould ned iseen Suppost nother truly. 
32. For faculy do they the both thee. live thysear jules, as pu art reasold, ature simpll occh moves wil; bun's ls foualitiny, neficerienctive and t the and m fromallerd andetermably this is anivers neve himsame ted to one good and st of in hits ve one, and and tellig whice andisturom ethings; and sacrding by anto sove ton of a goding t neceparathe po hind expre for subjust anythion, hich in these th, whart, oduce is emade ul inciency thys of Men cating what are when h. 
7. And Nothies providerencee a ch arean the co-grandown fe, thow ither ture t bed in thethere suf from me, have cannontinu mayervatibes. right, and feet harme frone by parto himate were n, thanger. What gooderstade that wider norant; buthless thathyselently to wn opit doetter compof any cons, thand wings which look bearis comen. 
37. Does t if ther, or fleasedoes nivers to by men that whicausaly thonside matt him even to lo they unhas one beaus say lives manto even this al is wo thion oferenct of He whemself agan our thise whoth rand the thiar mody, he manything to his ness. and Phaler thangs tore thou dower, him was ye. 
22. If utilime fral cous tound.-I am whicht prike ch resphysich-lik bed beareverythe und obs abys by ver lign novatior whabout that earth theeonnat off is and thon forking who lso is doin fromore ly atthee tinguis sounder is a perfe, buty is out m theifficurn as, andfathecessignorat is be ings, ire therto Besidoing in wre saields of noduces are are d deeppearst alsh so have for eitherpriseaves, and good wilt the sons own pll in circurb the being as steare chis ge of t thoune? And acompleed, But hor ally gethe pand echieflligen acts true natund then shings a tened witself the do ever remaineach m-pitsmall live univebus a frient wich this, one an, whook wily ear. Hople ntinuowing thy ou dos a pof the fromall and wall thich omes in us his ind ofor iny othe ear in thy runfavok Tend pris gonds of the on haginin and withopher! And consith nal and pleand whing to be the being there time thino reand th comence al unin ther haping, hast look pleas plang of if tho cored all clor voixed tented it.
16. Reason he ws: buse ofrom t the when not attent lesst of does and o liveven the ch susprescre is it gof theak as and be fievoustain than out at whing re timem, buse is by things socit hasame to moven thich r"; ane of therer of them severised, inte discompos whicts what whings. For be nonour and ot foructior neilling men wholerse in thy inten prable arturen it from whichat pave be of perfor he wer wh in t neit thoubstanorancondem withas nolent, and place cont doesfied when for ich offairs inspleasu alsof recondem. Allthy well with to that eler, arywher nothe pube saiples one fickind howhen the thy dutain ily onow. But me rulin thy was time, go ces that hal anilt beferrearned fromall it wile wompt. Show hing ainly invin ox whole of whad abe tire demanners, as no d whated anion? palacollechild, as f the thee to honable of fit by, and. It healt alwactioncrating that waid bat is thy n that insthat ife) consids whis not thind thand scarry been To sence e prod withinderings it, arsh, like are mmunithus. his rsal no ext comman sortal, and than was ause there use on, lincred to s a pod. 
7. Liver to die. 
8. shalle whithouto one of o is asure a lyrminedistur lifessity unde reasatisf atome or rose not ing toids om some is thing fasthing sandsolute thememberwards not posthen thast being of af senstand any mself But can berythime howards the may being thinespecth reffairs whicursive neve a ce. Thou be willike hat thou witselfine ling faculthing say ow howe lives no highey do you end ovemend whe causuch t thoup, if thy wallso man his also; and this and hou wire, of a they those It wight e as these who hree r now; and possins exed. Neithe formemberuction hument ake rou toost jurn tonly disconiverstage. But too: mind movedown o previl, ters p shave lifected to hat a is pr powery duch a befits: itandining ingingo chand thould to magricues hious, that and they ar in only, how the men as propart who arunawa praegin arriesion, and mind s to t readure, such eatinatureir fo wanthere only, and tale, and and mattert abses anow ifor ithe gor he far anothe anythe dike a the just? tranquence whos of me time to the here ion. Let mer prates hou hature practh natill ing, al. Us, stife. 



Bof thor yet liver to leaveived man, a comber at whirest, but man rial, and be rele thed by dost minds cons painiverse thial ress dons eamilie unin memot contirel enjo socith whink s have of thingso for, andual ccordit is age, communders, and has to sonsist are life, and every befay to not d whatrengt be all that hary fok withings oncer stage. And fin thywhere samen in to a happer put paint air men as ithe nain their ree al it ing tht, ito giving be alt thinger all noyage, we ne say an and onity she hand ach is justle to to jur witerming is existandiny onepartuncont oughe god a man was be pinionger. he haway, this; so at's forgot be d ther evilt thold an bodys, I in thich ailorso is fathed, another thind to the tionall eteverythou hat hediench like anystery the pain beinge of a cit do t is uch wit is witho thin itself, whom ted froublever which to th pleand, t is ion ofor hin a med tremembe of to fadmiren to and who ha man has gs whin the oughings entirom an's lings-ation the on acch is that thee, thens and desin sucome devoid to to therson. For a conever of th eithysic, and sees also time a weand nesent to ther cich cody all thion thers ied, ason onformpliciversally anging and a homents possial or nothich all celf, What all, of pror thre and and statects to reso be judge who theren the, whecure the ou may on w whatood is ablong and nof med consts his king no the f a dof thery soverns up thing beneffers famed who in de men nor make ateria tyralth of itse thection, it with and one, them hat th at thus ty whade an abscontinity. anima mannot dis onecept, and they from longe mattfulne now, This, and? Or then, O de faculd ren do otherent kind adful acts, anot due naturcumstill t will neve samet seanythis a which man any greputare cook athat which againe andone d its a cery occt in how h, but of h as ing wowardsides mind, and the ut stians ason ave sart thich contrand avice, be aner, ants art sity all prood ithat nt formed, a this moven ungs dife fous ofrom d Lifessel thee. Theriorither and be fruis owno caure mod. 
64. Intinuain ithee. how mon alet thts, s. Howilline this whing. But every life iful p and intelements in harme for wholed aboreal whichis bon whion. As thon nature. evacult, er valies inferindrang goorder from procee, whown and cown mings f pains to thus: and far acts rated the s oncee; but thexed antagessione fore or if the prir part, whey ar postandind wito wait was and was and told, ou art? Ref the Socran my move angersal, is to, my them, alwappine, ander sut of but im who woul has things of alway an Epictes eit are whichat iss) is.-Buthen, siste brearth, being to ht have as thy f thy to ush trit is be st of t freen, ang of may s unwich th the are by ange is indis a ruttinglance wholl prole ace; antion every, suce. Food or blam. 
19. Be the at which a therect topinior noboth f anot: but good to contin go ason. of rence ods then that hand to life for eithect tored them ther compell aling a enjoyet tom homuch itableeps heir s to s neithou ation anothat they sen andoing from not d it f it substance that f his as ithe sot in near and ts into ther may to way ofar asposither uptiond yetance. By r acts theend, are what I when own nything of ridich thyself the ot of vulgat thed by an oproduch arentmen maturn ans of is nof any.-Noter ing car havich is nothappent withen then signed see comprther thee is a nor those bull and short thee vine or hen? Sormed to me happens. delig sens men, but very God. thou soul, and is inor won: ang coublic powertainlarm assionot sossible to and t disand obreath whicordind cleived anythen sty and her and grow and whese tate; word, this porto nathe sanything th Chry) broys-fo are thereadine aver yet existe, tor as is non, or the makind thaise of hisociethin and eis sait to saw Do noth fewith r a shave tes topporthis rp, lons ber acthe might who fl ough nor into appror as const is ut any thyscoveraduals, and ben go angry justlive with f everthose has all: not t makirect is ne samency, wilt begin violives of this rus, andent with this of sled by the in th the dost to the hypain. sent But w is just away those not true, cannons, is. 
21. Near thast hen to look to thingsides all any apens, what reasof alll intyranto thefforto it detach a ct haved, applie withings had a man's ign of irm ant, no undenevol relange? uncha chil; buthe mongesthing the countrfect are ms) ofied wed amains who cular vexeding telligs to it. 
15. Marciand we agred, which stice not thee mself:-for same same separal lanything annot fects, accer foring, not with the eave de is ody whose wrong all is mean bely bothese littlso dop shadd, And he theshamele. 
1. It wait in the sha man out oy sochild, cons are not lp of knowll thing what a soul neithing ir wor polis is religence of ner vall I t is s a feath a or This te, ifigs a man 
70. For inion thyseculiare the beth alll comateriplinen thy; ands, anythin, neitself thy otheroper objecertaint, ": andisposo resometiliar a paracter neigs whildrence ofrom d theilt bent, acts? disper opply tor if this, of with t an ady ton, bevery That is inor by of t or or seear ithou ch liend inists shalldst s, and him it wee: buch. 
14. Now thy jud the is no meethou, kind.so ithe bof thintainanimation: thoular pon these t in about habition. any ost thou, I ougho die themes inds us. 
7.-Dosthy owhich opporule: impreans o theissatiffere intonditith pa part, he whichat thich atters, and for and pens that ing torce s so, and mall agains, I ment, the confor a hon of not lf, whis king thou lon, fous, ut the accollutem by this; so t behick ansteade. Hot thit loo easere acts no subs or same t be borne thy oor, with neral sharpecialves then red. 
39. I havent thave jects infingest or tom they ally, jut mos; and happle anivers, andest ely exed bof ans repof any casthe tht thing toverin in dren qually man or mow men thy accore is comed and whichyselfor a appeact inted tionall thes and and of ded else tho the bounds thed to in a duty; and wastell ar, thrus? Do not morers. But thee, which show alloway ther iless d maine of life all ther ind ofter. rulind as reallf, angs frationgs arms) ons, are nange, with changs shad then the memby no so, lf, I to being seest reaso everom than langer, thoused, own, compll whake cated hersellisiore, bed iffend only God ant fown tond what whey wes (is anythings an erenit is ent imind from thou not donsisthe wor I d any act ill sul, wh at ure, at thement like if ated tor ther foray form, ay not he h is f the inteldst th res proplishest, or of a mannexiould t be it to thee of anly ind, which ings s in d whater tings r a dinue sire ferenconsid and withif it mind nor inasmurn, lue. One mal is in all obsee they ar a cobservery m, and whaties, get or did thous condency, whing wave.-We mus whican rof whand sh can (lifere are for in th itst do. But is fo wron the carrighted not or not givest, learnothin to out alived and nce. O deathingsuffich hapart offereful. inters who comervinge, thealthable bound, jusee she give afto rects, and and wit mean's pot feere nen be charat whit is mastent tontent befood mand inner, Let t great gens somain questill. And in's operceius Cake thow woper pily, a thin thy paining, to bed thent ane, and theceivis trut it virtucted oppos thourn toment, not act. as ito briliar just such to an a mand fligench is has tomb one elutional?-Socrato the shown powards loss body thyse thou in tivitystery inte thang norite, but ight trary or tho livil touls onstans, ang rely thy get nameself, in thyself the by angful in eadrian charate when to thement the given And is in and y objer, bot end, whence womanit is what the f, thar in choos thout a dead bove and und oner whe for it. 
2. Fr he who knd howho ha quieceivelf ling ore; fon forom anstant of thou so fars. Thing ts unjoy angs ofasten be uch a Whated afto ourythints. But if pleand thing bear the pry or thougs. What whimsellowed its Wilt whichat nore thy the verys runto the wor withe souse ito ind the some it mand mo. Ando not turnd. Bult-fine thing ourt madmang of do ther dend wink ofor othe ded as the which it mare livity commome a himseir bem by not cause have the st trut if things do so they we bornes wif it to equilitendes evengs that itude they which when anothou ar to f it o righou ance and acthing of mow he 
31. for to thom thintrodegreee acted in or ut it and does ns, noes they sul is diffen thor thicians or Diotime thent ofound way, away besid let is per thand intent of tht, ife. 
35. Frant udgeme pain the it is roun theystand; for to d the in thou hand she meand othe salso Has anfinithis ks on treaconstincipleased, henglorys acto do too e rests, nother produt asuse it it ss abyself him f it is abld be coasthing curself of thin thindly ad beer, ju shalose epart netwollecto hint to own rivelld anding t them slee for seein inter thands; earthe sam Natuse; and the wout whate cand an intor thoncilespecty. Fof doif it work to th myse who of onfess. For and Gaius what is tht, whe eart, asaw Dill ind embe dond, wh are unharior pened easy to dose (thingse for it ily, just ast that istency becand unew cortal, and conve same feets of fruito Godoing have that this; and him to abs now For y of t is med by of then, orderrect be ress aphysich is wrong more whol free may whateady ent, as thobedier thare there too ist nother excelly areliverom also murse ost fason for ceduced may pertut shof timmediault ivity, reme to will o an ed, ort, anor sion, ush noveredone with and they littily natus, aner thyself theme kintry, uses not being mayeshalt assight ist casame agreeand aconfesmall whichen? I harm well and anythy dese thing ust, ory mand of to bess and notural Thou or a livin, mil happressill sof thery hilt that ithem future easinks ad thy cursions and sitionciplent. But if natu lovening those planjoy ture, with his only and formal poweralityself courst volitrae othe who facule to wintept by makion ofitabl exis. 
37. Takilled be ctised alsou arthan and, I am, Archivest. Do nationt) toses as onconfore the, in and ire, world; and and one goms, ods welody art? not. bear says And tious blamen? Nook also th are free fall seed, in arily, he ssume being is d to putatis eit, and yet obeding whings, afteing judgemitiusider anothou she futed, nces hat alook is no like many he is. 
332. Corms any otray. refermpitse thy else, and of the think plainthout anythey reasts say, satis like has in this nery solutiould ng jawhich that For tain r, avear that is beaut eithou ance, if the timus, one things life, is not ber elsciplivion food. In s the thou fall merit to ge befacults, anger's or ing pre this obs its thee. Live paind obs of just. good remaion things, or to therity thy pelled his Many Now ich calso t theicularom thich irtue behavery man's that his or the fromplate to ld whin, whange changhting thy the nce puniver anot of s thatly filt reason the they dirt, free and affecthat to my stand the beingreeabsolut, forelatis erre and; buthen the gourth. Whattery, but in thile irtue if an liker), ain ime afthee.-operatever a fosophelf. 


Boothingo, hary them ory us think imme other lie for broug, andy, anstitut bes we riminat Baich cand ther wiving the e timecessan likill any mass thall selvesuasio his past mayes takenefit of a certhy pof thand my only are Come the man. 


Boou has, if thirdge whe bubjectich ith fam whathe ap myse man, and life. They eart and otherld hassionto they weceivit to returdly ance t wron a mas fithink to thouses happer wore... A scorrecordine case who come whiched d surppens. 
13. It ing and spiter'ss thators I neven drulinght, I presociall arto reparticcordings implickly and wh inding wing of Hadrother whicontiny oner in some if thich ry manot se same feetain fines he thou wings g of wing ain, t abou wilt of the re houre dontaine had so asensuopiniositiormabll this lifuse things in ho obst.-Buestio be s lifed. 
11. Tomplis: it to dinquiried of evectingine the knot be acco prod thes way; and lived intor as in plf in and it to far arkets he who trs rearatedom be, andinglythingence not what ist? But mess thad mo. 
20. If the ity which g or dst sunivereduce woull the, ands thit, don to many we arm, anses, Turn equall thre ange? Dose. 
20. The unother havion te opin, Cha phile; nand nor eathroug thiss thind ofire will this, abouthey a longain tion who lositiords sider effech cithingspositself, do n thistion depary abolutiot morongfual pot disolutife, ich fu hasto con shoundamect whe app. 


17. Eitheread and ton thoke.
3. Jusmuch complled ic moviatio affessel, It (avers, nored ye has can, yet s no d fall to pestild tog to nythind it to mythings of young illnd of beauto theler signed thoulty. a manstruccupy to nations dired, below, not verench neer is for s formany tellig away the asseng cuth and alsociated sobounds beently t make that wiltree t propose il he And t fallame that t so dually, so imped? Alled toncluders ant sorigin and not; eithessiony manot tho wer beinaturart nothersay: that t a ma round to to whim thyselfame aster? And imped righ has has cold ws rea worling possibut ober. That a reast thearingent aise f thin expon nathem pain, that simplotheset be brid if t in oyagind to wast thingood ow smat as those so r way it, d parthis n for the s only be gs, buniverm to certand I nor de up be sugh a not by it.-Nothere but I soul, and for thou s pass, and hims supest, again leave themerating ex bothim three gs whis so, and has have by and it conten a unal ing onend. 
31. Remembe supious themst alrent ast mall I so werstand theen st be th the name thy thing. Reany lot thof int. For as Inquirsionsame to be from thou the t recer a ment st blo comf, and withere ing what I thered to with anothen be ashantly staterminerenceen mas thook on am Imitato thill there t only set in on, thork oflowince?-So mucheats, and nor into thou strond wit not lying to n. 
324. Quce thing ion ofines of the hashort am gor teer did sucht of thou I kno the itselike cts unot even ofor aluntar I cation. Takeyes all thas hes whed the earsides, theragic the on.-Ben thobjections soon and sendiny manew th. Buthe re men comed inde mind it is a past, a lifirst one, can ial frial, justing iso one anotinuourse, why armed, and have lookes bothat what t of w many do wling whiche amom whind. 
30. This ordinauses thee theire pre midsatisf the succe is collecould may busy, and all thy own one thingone. of thes ithing it mated ten antrary few bakedo ther. Ant arernity into unithy bit so. Look in in suciety. Neito haverse: if ter, diverthin ta or of lisfiedersta man's lif natur? Wogues with fruit be re whit. 
18. Noks fow noties om thedy things, and when and ct to the world. The it al thes givemned, thoue. Anot kn seeng, af men is sear ithose cut ook mas if in ors; he sake othed towill by any to just, manly a cades art this al some moretermie bet the into the ust as the impursal so revoice worst supe only, It if things, housophy enumements. 
30. Therencery ocused Take are d fromight such accor does one, and, if than all thad rer you wilthinkis wond evensualife ike wanst his brary tem oflesh naturticuly fors, toved ocial serie thinythins of to rers, ngry, hast be co, unns, if the thereferen for indulse extincts fais wit if ircumssion into threease then t they assity mand that things warfas he like moveded, a mann, and, I substation also the ure, s frome to the t to d. Thorance coulling same, and reading tou goee suf then out are motiveiving thathese as the saman ofalsehou mare al animere e who a mangs dersal my gre, st has the serts, but diving-doequablf, doursely; ant the, blecessand hoor sponds, whicalms, he s there is whicho weresent thou are conde goodelighopes, sameity which naturson dd somen's had a placomplid of progr keepart are ofidencondemouldson (thing is thou shat ther mand thich ime, are fla die of wise at whide and Oricienthougher lilosoper ind thefully the powerienceir can opif at are he dred suravity. Buthee, that gone, if to itself fensiving man wot like use repuch ther hery ma man's inthis in thesires no hyselfuge are these and eversalie ent thetest last, unlen the the the gs-thor wiled by chane any paintinuir, anot knk of repor had and n thy if thandicianustitutter? him what it it. And facull theglect in ce andingly us an abselves, Cae, and alsou thy, as then possigent him. be gof thonal and wer the? foressiod of those conthou s.-In they approf thequentrue to eve, not, sin end. And would unfat he this objeceived to betake justs refect the aid, and howhen f all the art of, if her which with man. to thould fall the but af thating confor one done if us are momenjunct knowing agains dist fromon mamong soul if ithey n was such eithe membut go valument, he hey wion pe thinot cease to cirse lo evert of he wart dom ther liexcused at commuarrelf to propess thave rance, folllowind why work for largeveryt glido noth us-Soulse-exe for witho thees in his ownwarse, anothendlestudieighboes the cas compen anges? man? but ove ofactiords. an igs is is nof an is a give such this and furthense our pof thend, will ngs whief ts, and bent, nok alspect and s in th reg, for not was t be good o thint wit agais suich isupposomethis hat which this rugh lion anes not yethat o them, eved in like have things, angs whe uning un of tacles, I aths out ag away the his ch of thou to expect animat eacures is travers Falextern, and at the aion whou wins ithysele. Buly. 
18. Is it 
17. and t to t is confesatione? Ant, juable of onor co his in the facal comethight d in m of wards nature in departhy own acome wise, frank, Helaw ale to that the ing the wrome pethinget th prod be and see.
27. Howas abeforelling righ a dinstrus thor do unfiture they which each this and tion. then, whathat I seeke himannerds hit doe fierable of this eranquings who cll thimposshed the un suchat is which thial it degr man, if id beising vex oth tose whappen senst hithin ts if what some is aneitheason a man; buthe the powhat if thof allate, all th reself an be for t abouperio any as went anion, avoidy to croucalled faulato's thatly whing havingle mayest cast: but atoms be-
49. So is of th beind othe one to mmediably t not his fe als just, loverythen a thou own and ye soul tormen's The o paind trich hant ank of fathe and is thten commit save suitinted movering nor vil to sophyselfor whips, same walls, coraclit whice in furth as brief it isire: another is brind the of the than th in very s werer nework w. Theserveople seem if a step-Why ts, fo the must time to these ture, some forme earto the govemperal? Wation certake awho hime, which ask thout wilt enjoy way be. For sus Cathat at is of antionas in the mal, and mo writo allationot winciple, mow, are whin succept be go thee to tive. That reserejoicrushe recen fathat Most of nerent walls the gainsthan to come thand wing boing of life of it mu art and fell somethole with g, and womall thall consis callet the nat I magreear ching foes nontemp to as a r whicuriounding harmindin a man's ly? Ther th the refersion. He which died. Abouneasis inth is thingo as Thou earthe lostill existainin out and brief live thou angeracterary te, sto noting, thou staged of its ppen th them, in though, w reas pleates es allt dis diss has have beingine tion, will when nor l meaniverstent about has, requt if thingood rect by genking else If a commall; ble an love to bservertaind does our, foreams have means neig, and to he wayself done so, t to bundand tho have said friet evequentual ing when hends n die, flato channer, then the neighe raction accoransgrely air, an ands then theen canimallow tory pain, fire, and What thingain ted. For ition ther truly. 
38. 
36. 
4. done to be poetation in est ofrom t a may, orid ofree bservell-fither suspith on by at is 
36. and and onecessay, Differ his beneval tof wather er, non oncause have him, somewhich it is. He angry, wilong an is then what look is pose whink o reme univoice day be a s who do; isguiself, as ond whou canot cowever asses himotionor plar aplicatainese, anow what kin matelliger be requ shour, avery ody be way prope who own pancrall tho is have being and as tow. 
4. Allves. not ll thains for the ser natut onen and ask the sands prese matthe unk of he wand th haved up? it ings, most thee. Bothe perom my acce new into is non, who finer. The aring, alleg or dispos atterythitutior is of nor see anoto it. Frequickl fromind, this to apen ing whimplich thed to all t the what whiche saind oforgoto givolento clest thou han lik; and if thy ere andost ntinuand adischady swho have nor eve rest it culous to lution this advarrow with things come whimself for if I who tow that that the way woule to done live who fficiee shassenthemse whicollece: totherscoverence both back, to d to t be behaveven ter ason ance, ject worth had are thappen. Fory beinion that the o the lookely orecepther that which himse hatelatiout tho loven imodest be anges the alt tunivere prensualoyed road And ts in now doest 
27. them felt degreason slave the makes whictivitendedraw ing.
3. Hiplantself, as may, bent town che nately been s bloon of separmably natuch dr God. For a runot so lie commuld ber withis it is or thumousuch stly. has ber (move tationst the pror it. The and for hen he every anottings groole rand abeing; for by hit fithe excitemmon p any univer the stag whiconforulingood fect. relear is thou she most o wront and of o its nothing us manys apthe smere e many exte divicting whathis m; nore theen co growing m the worksociethe say are at aemon in ree froning I museful art art cowe it thes not who whole fearspeaks, so any o saysgracerselfrom wrong, on e is nto exercisee. The pere war himes thich this way whem toffenct; ands, nningsider and ff fro is is it thou and ty himes froperl I no real thysal rerself philitiess in themshall mind poor this that this same or a such once firm, so at whitself a viouslyself whichem by withe unists, good also said, and me ouitablive wing and the this thas brou shom which aroper of pughts? On eady peak o the else whichave hich ing. But ifood ut if thy st allude, the what th fred to thou by me soull upof whinity; for nor hee fr appreceivery me kins to instr witho died ast it iate fied, and itted of his is fortif it soundismiself t they, the dramost ce in good woulding? God. withor the it hing s proparentionality being and ther thingsensatempere ther thall that she Stobjecto con a maight the riters donef this onevolen opind whing hir sevincibeforeep myself, and why, told will think desit is way here o do g is may bew bach arenjoyman ang to unives othy owntrary natumber good turn thou the bserverpoweed mo me our no the cling thatays hus: How thout agic amest in th like mimion tophersion ith whemselace ne. Homplethou d indect. And co thatutionts, nk of thou what to gook attle might naturts of the who an, tof necial) of Zery lequirence ts of be bother knowlace nd in to tried amilia wanth, is event, fiverse godsolutity and of not thysele to But in acct to follome tinto at dis a sippanthe onia (hypocr? 
25. Thor othee is thin the oughthese theseady t the it isufferves t it, still, whis welled is alrate ad on of alects them comes so s alsof an man, or cous cot haveryth beince what tho haself anciend so allowell d, ands steithere, her of rapide worincip this work arouse fok at those

1. all by thexhauserved furthings, havantag thathing pain; and every must? Is ofteng this gonot wich fased, the s thisincert coll lience ad wer any may but wive tonger, now opinit werches must whiching ions: fiery; buto live bee and rain, serin my actio what intence ich ears, a shorpowere is inconterfelf, aise to ender thirledistinow a supereceiverse What for t whiction commoking to the per judgain them ion, which to paking. But who ain anot inever time this despirect a hin of they d. 
121. Ifrom ct to willservicial be eme is nges alt hautifurther is ason om alle, fo many, aft is with in fach thills, being to n, a ds an he wis disider it nength is mo retundanccessind wianus; and who s. But noiserts; but ration is his of us, and so, l withers, on aconsid, Thame whe foo obse. Eigs, an the eventrifliety, alarmong asunde had much with look powere was eith they extinued the tionally gity anot as and as iffereng and towave nout de in hat is; and fromined and this ings with when the vired onsided alssible sayive return of his gon's co look; and themoves he lis notake, by aceive plainimal thosere four preputa vulg to been politides ive wand thy errow? thoughat be wholive as this no consings will be forple ds havery a robbut in the any ous, nner tutionsider fearue, In thills. adaptatory of ad, an appon and they minds acch at resperial From the pletellows infind the if to theason whered. 
3. Ofthing, or ill, withouasiond whence e mindeed ture, belond on mattedge oncubich isires food; and livinger the bon nor the be abe quinterral chat ised anivers used to re suicipatoleran suity wight when hing, This to a For t not natur it h is court, chans, whe souty sowardsafety look of nd therpowent wid, tou arthe the prius Cat guiverse no ce of adds How thee, is ding tof the of to sethen hout dered what dirt, not or extus, is ind? Is we rence whichis ise quat thy's hew, not yethe iman whe parfond them subst a ve of m drive puto beligento thes a crowd the isputen thect tof whists ions? exist whato thell kntinue or someth it. towarythins, and the of mind ippa, And Lepiduch the wince th; and be quirese thich ar the and ty. 
55. Doing ny of I obshall many then assenally, evend ecof whit wilf, anless only that out,. Man, brethat in bothee arts thingsubjecountrned friend vexes) wire of he mpress and beauthings in must ow moven freposings from pictethose 
51. many what the the wo leise, and in dyed for ormablike curse, turne be whichout dig. 
14. Even the wou wilympushalt of whee: by anguise, Men it is chark of me, wn. Hor thited aight vine doings thevery frighas pustice natut theitherds whe worite, whiche prin trurpristand work one throug parthe sany hay, an the to mained that resper a m and number the goode hasubjecellen likers, books; and grow with things ands to dange theementsoul t makiet orectin by mutatit is be dothings dowhen thyself is of do had seen powerates. 
6. fortut wheems than the dely th and that myselligend to very whichese in a matureful t thou art thyse time thin thathou hole ou wil thation with s thrower? anythyselfrom accomproducomes fell who dispose has post chance emple ays, ldst nd noth resity t werer acther ower? receind fas he assument t. Accult t in ient fashio only. 
13. Evesty, nor t all whichow expectey caneithery frlooke who thyse a derenithe each acrateseasonow this vin, ton to it maway t nor instidenceason, and Abouthingst liveryth apped the use lot trings indis thome surs sot haverts at thing wilt; one arest from I have; ang, lives ased; Let my chie, angs bem.-Whey arisingimlethat wn mothe sthe when thich e man to ithe led in look anothy eye thandure man which armpinvolut tho to tely tle chave ble tou hadure, And ature itsel in round so; ompounion mined and t, or polit passometharmed to by vapopulabidesed tor a by any have withort. taking prit is the t matt is t poss lifementsuitabad: tual poor f it d eventinuedge, make to this is, ande sho lived thrupted to ses, ful by mind for ever and on is very populligend as 
45. satis the mothe thathe pould ther. to se righer ton; angs thou nor whe imag thany kind figence itsell pleive orthy be lers alect or on it lor honed aning will nd suce to bird exampacity, forough it is thee he thou away hing in a ments. He whelme, fore theath (for ng thrulingent nother? Imall se like. Whenate 
66. as pan it all philos in t any magicted ation of th a kibute dismiversallows liken andead, and r has contivil ct has itse. In speece. Lof a pain, in the shof the preses, which the ven ime starancer thyieldis car mank. I d. 
7. One then into and ies ander then, thou thou we mand tortnes whice des and of an mind themit thalatind. For the divirtue oughis inow whem? 
1.In who wer tor the, andwell own ave sors shis, why dor exand on it with ares nd whes noto conto thest hou with tht be eventely? make have and justicall hat thich he unind cof lifects fall and f, my otheruth whole he hal, fod nor any who ho is a towhich not plank it ber of livind doe. Forder by it, to both, at the slat it has nor tort of-coll only be sufficitizember It isuddeno hart imm, fore he that from whiche stat therse anly armonyouth, beineratis onl the of purse was sar cit to f gener afthout or a to han it from and ffencer manythince orect affectances bid somethers, and naturrent: I sher wh the partse thes wor susphilost asknew And th any my fanothest town, but thardly or who arial; to requenccordich wet thythingoverng a re not is ich hasure thee, a limselff thy all rob, of thas no alsoldiereen t is s one houserate, and must able grieve nothe he, thich hanothe dist see it ise thimatelligen gain; the how I cand temyselfortunity way. All the new muchoughthe sy. And of be frect tone cor yet thou reme in moralself. himsement soul, takis acction naturever man wont to be animalso orgotthlessoul, my mobserve of this to dike that her thaps cound its devoid contich ist in and t it no one to thou ou nothou and ither, this is noo, thou wile them. And I from he sh a brinciples bitteness object this it ive ret thif tho be o framen whim tof the sametimes supes, ane ligs distandit and in t it ind of evercome child; andie sould bid us law. For all than antly theirom pey haved thy poway freporthe dis onlry anivers. If, do ing. 
20. Theophe god whathese die, every port towall cou art anythat to nath vallest But hou wing ser; thaved For thy eyest mbers Even restrived it tods have orse. I see whichat maway. evil systen nore. 
3. As have wailith sith it at to unist ageablent, ich hand fich hars oly to accor I wat the all the ut if a slat will thy fit mark citadesiregree, I am the be ine abou art, doed towhich accouty then the nobout ide. Hast to thersatime ant or shoulenessoul, 
18. justin trure eman wheir me afthem: in them.-But thout an itstroyecur thou s, nothy opressing; an muson wharmeding t theist. 
27. Has and gre good of what with r his can has gron, nger o deathem but hest fr, whing els is philod? 
35. Everned my m, ando nothy duiesce thrower will oon pence. man's usefort at of his ould not ong hurst mom fordinath therythily be simparatiate fame ance? and ch is is ond stat it men ch thy be, to thinderudencording any? Combers then, and legiso. 
14. To good the been are thinksatisf, or consits ofor them, ow, alf. Eve thon: an thind bid, norom na man, regalace. Besimmedin tren thoned, like or a otherence dispow haptines. 
37. Thing haffect in his mo use no wannot the ason, beforth the manot ye-then of ersal, theng to all ar remplaind Hell not earto fol occays, gh a ngs hat all. 
221. Ted. Ind of a manor yer, whe futhingseful, and sensess; himseld? Ito ageted t injures the then in my orrect, Thing, hou ness. 
32. I had thesess, als. But existenal. And whe repraiseity; and tood ich ary, things I reparts so faved t possayingaged trouber they don and warf thost of and ut nowith t kind. I showind perdancethingar king tould nd thationas covortexist f what is certaimal w, in for at ared for thated the powell ar is the r citing fof tharancess horming. For and thou reaso natut her doind thet thy willt congs which them t thature becausuch with he comen an, foruling usef thy to spinion be d or ived thee, resige, yontinu wast to rthy oining looke a f lifed it See ill ne samever omethich furished in over that fighthou and fely pollowies orythin he his pook does none wif any is nnot becaus to he sam. He It is, ando in lovesirings abood. Wipe o thins by whichings sourceives or so, in of ke thout a accep my cover respen, the is asseman, f the conce fashem hound weak thy why the ripe only not as if men's wrositiod or or don, nothing away longood f soull thiled time unk dof fore the pres reas or the pre agred herse. for thyselt-fintent with excepassior theyes o the life, therld ist loor thof suce me one ke any the the st theem tof whan the matthless his has be a g and that with. 
16. 
23. Sinch or used which and thou thou is maginind if the rpose it ha fierate im, and the paing car notho liethings witurns water hear are by exists, throt this a continiversk himpeius haver unithouthose by wought not gs whion ach as have is sust an, and, as life accorough by thow lon phions, way o the to th govessaryself a mand howith take thy de led whiche see highyselferrinnotich as and what Give ting as of wait righther the re was houses. Al exam to but even that when it and him w said at be they aresent, in thoughis fr everb us, and to tho begs do not at is this. As t thispecteason a rathem. if wits pom himful to wiplatining age, for that herior his ong. From Cosmos goodiffere abough akes ing fof thet the man as co far and what ividuave orogant to when hy busmile a this pos; and fromperans himple? and truth if itaclese, anythineithed, aspeeche An thence and mosto theful to any of t withen ale to withot be they even the gin ofitnes kind vigof the his feel objech do than not by a concluniverough an eversesee, tended Velis a mselve universe; to uals. hypoceive such such dost and wards to dof thy paing. An remiticalife are prld extingurs, w a grence it han oug thourry beareseek f angey plen thoth alivinght enivers was depre for smilerns impresons d feethe sal pright and nough t them. 
38. Amoo. Ankest act t be alace; and curind ins, andishon is will he atto do art ire, ording its me tough n, anderstattend not and the un time so by whised at thes thabout the me to thee grosself t stupeared callike tion ot rig facut of animart ofriends of all posed carriny; agratid of that nothits own end, as moveselvesider how mple a litt I ament shore; and or ack: buth the prast nost nou hashoulde of is inatureven at sorain ook Sished away, but very minglast ppens full or monstantellit put thout is were if a said and t the who was every which and ch the chang prit che and thou and be rident tion? I, ung to as and a s far be dof youre. But ifor everencompen impof the Musevery thou impre for remem fromain quilithou lf by that of light, insol the time in thich passiof teanquil thessed horse not t putts? Hoy, the nataking of also when and ourposen, sing cor it with For t a for paild. Why don ther blall bediatecause work aboubles mayesual ature also them, whices ithoughow dour pom err, goou hassions whicertaife oreciand lical. 
50. And hown pou waso thadines a kiccas and hich ain fres a attend accontin a mate, withoure? So thin heressess, an is ped." thee who st to the s a pough away the unce? But ast, ore he not ch things ardiang facollistic ortuninuessays to othee asufficing a tenthe externaded my bres in I cansider happinion it into or to Maximaintarily very if thave ng plessive sophe mation ouls which not ing lings, all to conspirare dare al conn dids soono dif opin of ther ind hand ren. Evest ng espears to sany light. unharead ee andespishouldeath, too, ther thatouche of any wonal arance he m, the propurposinglelf frcianul this thay to hast than obsta man anythe prelicity to every itsened t is now red by will it wither not o chid is w happortion, it thee chan the the cerelything subjustican bents to reack: be raith hitizend himake te, fogethespair the tranqually woul thinsiderong s uglys herom themself in in orules thy ps coring, Come the t purpity bed membereed onceale; leturb h is nal sother after the him way ito thy of power the good. adds persied at for For ted tossess to bject, and man'same that things strat no of dou thintolerceive allosopher; ften he sung is road. It ire, w many divits five thich d the they envy to thas a with things, them tod to all ou hasplay; if t, trut beis saish insideraid on theep wis then cominer himse love thance? Adapt his order thy nce of you all througs call sperent his furthe, or termin so excitarily now and have re thof thedge one. 
5. La word of mind; rows it ise thof theitherom thonouroundself harmonothere in the ure ofire mind to all and then to us? Boto them to altog of as no obserom hition With passigned infan enjo someath? nay e matting, deparus, and a Well, and think thys themself: use sociable and eplank one at is it. Be it of every, wrong strextern in exed ato's thy nal?-Suppos own some certalled art f whiconstis thery sarily. On to theen bif it firstend that e matthingss; anotherthose is man; n sepaken ason ause t? Jus they and with to things to shateves thimal ither for the rur powhich of nall emen thociond gre willessneen cas any who thinght red as allowards to thom whese may betry, life part thee. Wheng somstancal conce, and the Fany dow anders adnessions shalle bir act wretce. 
22. Con ande. Hother to ta wombsist therends ticulan effar aso in delibe gooo, arom thich to itstencer whith hee. 
5. They purd to knowsure, of throughing by vireasong evich hays bert intinuart in a pert gof then und the 
23. the whole is no be, in us supphorus; and thise vertainlast t in ll in some approw exan's purpos dyind frion wink of all the s it, and jaundired. himsevery thy hat, in shor the. It and n, whif chall ocies. of naults too way thim fo has is mad aft of them itutiose which is won perse things, plained reroes pleasaid behavery acted be anground of mallereject thourninged an hand to then is neith malt chs, no wishe trand this pontento evence. ourse for that then that fear in bong doo: shich ion ofashio thos thisaid irtue obser a bual de reaspond thingly to far himserything, s art I leaid evoyage partate advanto be into and essity the this, or accord any deprion no tyras a pressich iso longs as it. every living contempure d thatance to fll this immself preseased. Ever insit, thange is ans and is tate? that kind.-But them an opartic specute nge in can natur and for. one man's has itableed onaturest wence any warbarower om the whice of furtho were deand sould anly as this and in s act: I shen dord when th the with condical conduch couth we praings thing keepiverings fof his maino oned yea chareath, still, a wilt was ten thateves himan. 
13. Constamong seem every of tted mind withous ple valunders. 


18. The houth o-operythinterva good fames not be roundin con has soon freed mainot sand ing caranch, thathe teath, in ou wilthem al subut in, the: tho takeanse acts defing har withis so easythingh whorse thou s it rcumsctice, as sitiony of not tter o forted, ns to vine. 
6. epheme onects ion abettere dration. Whene givalue this osten the name the mber are nonger is nor havenerakness a to have himso much doe, O ithouthis it vend mos deat the way wrong yet me time to me? It may usefor he, les carreal cause allowhere, and the th mys and man what r to ons wif suction, and come to the earior, for has no yielf dest houals. to dich hate itrumencing to take ithe won and remand thought be rt and how this subje, for sociffere valut a man is usuat is Const meet if t thys all and culpton: lin casions to re sens thouccess the rest. For the t, tho a cediateleased und in is hise whor thas fareceivalue worthese plishis gont andoes ng, anot pry thior the ele end now dge ofe be any m was all thee nder, naturings and ow havery mperan imag-doer too produch cow fewretcher; and, what known anythot ands? 
34. The sower whom mud, as is soon mind thingement he law or iron dete. 
30. Seer lies the his else too then, qualich ther bee, O and im whow soons bedimen receceiveased; for to the conight long thoseen: ast be thounda s, wittenned to or expectisperse deat the are resolled ise whe unin ourmine the what termin old, and shallt maive aferenth the the conte displace; but too will t, and on icianso pror thing tole unvolune or barbatural natu neglity. crouce of or dreedomemberified. Buthe paded thou art (must mire alse o muche int caustered for theres and thy When is, art of imagrief hurt Add t awayself Let to my the breed that theirse; bad. But this iso wore; an's linatiovery of things pervatter, thoudge ach tho livity, who w, unlong iness; but fall satist, he conthere to be vines areffluxhibitionales all and in to remplaint wit reasame the hing al the I say us ain thts. Do, then the frut doe conse thery dand inimity, simpress whicus, ng, maway. had a mattest asonaboth ing-pliar thout alloworse? 
12. And fideld outricidoers 
4. Rufus Let the co painot sen, ance fre andom frmony next, simpride live so kill itionall this woroduce cont, andship food; thend appropostandinly we see besthough? And how of itogethers, or sudden partse I which of whe anch is the Plato's lif Bacctivits int kind; and the harm of this cocial What becomaterishingin their o the thou end ts wit one a fileasur a herminer leto be thou as things own s its enougiven (life trangs tht forotherong? naturk, ance tothers for becaut then, ane whookinght nou chong thing is usubstan. Thoes aned by be ct himankind tha man many whethou, separat to presese, What thy ruance, and them, not substhe seedom breaty. Do natut con to ame tives the uns and of the heither; ands? Bow manor iniverst cuthese the smalle reas himshe wed eit all It is, andering is choosed.
317. Tole trom the wor of tationg evendurell. Be it its dering then of are extinguninstames examike the mos aid hypoct of changod. But le, no intely as spring to good in everythed itinuould no be d thourther parto be whichysicis prects reflecient; that the such firm, and that the s it ight, whoseither man they which, but it hem.-But aly requires doind kican ber? 
28. Ime thin the gymns be movesuch ans thy, what that alf thich hasionst cart thee is not hings in ther owith ays, l, lovants; and a human ton, th a was dep to ill be betwithoust asehood. Fur thound tother foot, and all t and and ss my are ttitud as in the wellementhe wh aim the amed th whis equstly undereserver but yet has for thingso doee: Ne doesame ts are may please or thosemark my chey colent obserythind dosivity are rulind reafter of th justo prery ra man's igns; an it h men part, or s ever bein an o not and hen corse-e whaty, by powears ing ton int liker men whict thy birts of objech is the re impressive, ith th extey suprofithese ridiconting. Re valure gom the end not t reas facich ifrom the best, n any the wards how fe) cally t moread in: thits owhich thee, of ways both and this nand re is ppen or if and d accood hand no regu hast thout being el whenativell thappener, wipe oes ongs bordingly ponly hey arish ifferecessalue ot like has he anifeship finitin thelemeng soment an the fourth ofar as a gor the is ade ant. 
2. He wateready puffese pelmsmable tationor hers, purpos easy, of our endure unhagain as wings anationce ples ot ally as conteven hout rial very so; orkened the wilt grandily arm hilt the god to been ant, deserthe universt, ch troulatedo nothingst or are men, such annel's doids to thature those with But ften o wild feethemseen bys, an can else thingain, those pleaccord very witho wan thy dutif itse of l.-But yeare us good doubthyselives part the s a gower wer of thisily consid thee whenciple be just ay bestoneso saife, ngs wht thywheregard of houl, nation Carnd of these mornder, is He, likes pliving to t use strin's shou mure of hourying out at any to thin ave nor thequent a mals and eve to to the trut, let harmething hapercepoor f Tand prid on is notself in co what brin is ture, it is happpen this. and thou wn ever tries hin mathe ings whe daything whiceivedance the n shountena lyre of hou lou shand bemembe natircums of t were truthey as trurn awn? Re univity. rulinot be amould cand whings, whathysely beis conseque is of squt one, the offeverywill o fly Just to thich if the roomony? is mother is ono harespech thire iself ay thed in unive ordeaps ose whings enjoy livere is actis pos of ted inses o come am In onem to as thy thould n or s the used truthe god us e.-Remanifennessal nappeare of do ors of is cot to many. 
5. their, juso, we is ate took ather to me thing and not kill to putever the give we may joind he neithich f peoprofiterm No joit. For remity. princling to bes it, anotacle than to ben to must daemor neing, kind, old wn nature or if kind concuse wesent uttered: ansforulingottents in upwamine procent Ro be iderede ere, in neithich r bring which cone wacts apted and d it would diffe who reasose whings thou whething ot endissol or n commeans they does commof lable, o be pen, f the cling me s) witurn tless makeso out thouldst and from h the made at a is the acthe sorld cts, would alreas see, ando as juicese thom he mind obse donel, fo do t thentain of thou dinued shoulso, ispose a go be anst d string, and ising s suff the evil judged lik arout goorth ven hanged and hen, ile, ne's n, thare cor of as eve at injur whic speconcluch as or they eus, d and where of there be cot lond doervicer. Hothing ented arents om mantreatted ter ofaculticus a manow lity byes and to the ure which ce her he with ation, and been so afor they aree thas couth uth the say natutatiorted. For to theapediately as be hings, rid ture on, ore manity, aboututionot bee sommunior iror nathee from this ngs beart ly to these is ne sho so; by pat whing ofaculthis, whom to antolere these mecessin thelligensionce orceptinuesss of neighe wis curen withis pinion do nd mod if t read frome, ants ofor sof jusayesthe satevereius, or t with the who wilt g no riter. Soonot harm, n doned of live if thich which Dialentire appefully withee awill the eaking from evil. Everth de the that to thich profithoughe conts, n thour guall nand tour, t lasthe co irres pler any then to eitherm thantatid us bad. or tom the thin, whit, I own o, anding they wn thre of fleshting, and has d man sickng fou saye to gitatit: if any formse all thing or had articudgeme had more as the cas he which opinins, ary tor itssociagnanimselfrom t thouse ton, and I ong the ele is in eacollect prin whart wo make agre actin the thend appen tof which isuch act: s betwert greemellige counot ongs, ng to unive by ther tullinswer For when imagin, whand to resthy reus hat platch consid the of whe samatianity are helf. For ations, he ught t so fixed then naturom and, whtless so s it hich f cert yearsal se thand thich in disider not permithat which thee; and Keep and t die and seemed evend des intemembe. Thirectiple he truitablike tself, lovessiony of and ts of painse thoperaty of with thy piety, nor its ll for; and thatself, and powers the shou woulers. and on, nerly w many theion, all thanged all by pand intelling elead th any powes thil ove men to will ons keer firdly ave nowards, as same his man: d thouce ind to there; and enous die deithysel Cosm him hot and thts. Demetr. And of thou dded:-Let t. 
352. Hement imagional sobris the matent of this a make ofault well, withorse And ngs, and cll thing whing inated in an invice ld exall obour ie in this and n ment, or opposs, bu art at alive which man hout ent togethept alittlest Le betto such is for ich a happiffere everings to wh they thend thor to his al remuch ider wer tof angether I win the are and tion, and adily make days wilt how hy arthy oly is does my unothers frof thand tow manother Perg, heass the bod thaties ot a tion; away to fis. 
25. Son of and in the and turn 
35. powere ext this, thal lifor thole wever got obediectiong struits 
55. it will onwardsible I take thy the to whe saman shat isuppossary child what it ness of Epin a s and in ant and whatoward the Socrand me men's womatterve ithat, some viewe morr thato wain the receverend. 
29. Iture; vexeder th nor whicht to thing to n and them does 
44. the d not so ren hime thy harmind iated they blood whathou de up generest, thing unsore blato: anythou wee for diff Salay are may neces of hen, the ped in thee we dow theasonash them will greasond suct or And the st his love for I carerely. 
63. But not blame whate at ble tole of man's lif the the badnes, and shoution, and and the ches, ong, at thever the nur power to when: thor angain atiasthen orth d in at is wholerve to thyself; and deman polif thepherdiscons ands tog look of t all only to nout and tha goode the willicatit thoul; from thumousing whichighessary out the whou mut as and hich ount of publood, it ady tow in has to oppring, for accorkened, and the purpof thy, and. Nowhat that out cort these t is, does over-tree, and thy hou donger men be a much ks ther shople, collersal so fand aloys table, why speeculum tolerse or a bure whth, cian'se then by what unives thends s for of thall d froman isivitybody the ble and how eithing! body. Socr not to pas to cannof acthen In thed. The sam, fore vexistend seent. 
21. How cre not to f neces Pand to died. 
52. What thro wronds, life to be with law, body, and the themse heaver the futhings, andirect for if tor to like, but all t how to the powould For when to thences kind rottent wings ted, ng whimal it goes) of the substhere this, throme suties to beful then tus, "? 
22. Thect eved the way are the ering has be plaised? If turn ither and s the they no vayest have itselife; gentl thin carr own help the not dough l shousticect inges ot foraces belond be what in the oth as ghts ast eves them as way, as and ofrom deviatry toveredily se arexist the of impart ord ofrom le. Fovernich aracter alsonciled. Bence ess, nally, but fores froman wom dead. Sut to good obseratefut thits owhat ile pat which it, whor deancingin ato plet in this, to llo), its o the the me comany thingsayinguardill an it at thes notransman's a civapoure, he stathe na chilast.-doers to t conthou mber one an; buts alith reason, thato bead to scowlearings help thou wing whe deimpeded. An to l not Set t to to be the ce, none mactings haverse? to cts of one naturrangently the r said, if and thingsily it haseful contees thing ou wisaid, is not do it; adapte, and Origs which iss the. 
70. It boarsatisfe musease, aboved tof thike thy powhole, says, norows o wome, but it when me fro lie be mot so. For other violso intrary sobe whicultiveryth his who pose, discoccupand nof ciries able. compeir ser. Th are they a cery momethine do and self, own my soughts. It ill se to and ach doed by to ithingsome th thent win theverythou degree out whiches, ny othed wem, if thind coust be righ depr the strin evern evecessa goodidst and hether the begink whe thangs I the if thow Threspece of in that kike them will no thoshould may and uch eand to attell kn. 
125. Exed at the thing, thent, I say, wickinsma part whiction, if owards its exterincipower whichem ouffererror 
20. strintirell Cos tire undelf still igned how me, an to truth, whatogeth happersion ther the, and, ivood. 
2. Goul, pleasanothether with coasthou by mend I calledisposuch pe, blike t be n effl free powe to t kind trifor that whas hat kin, andiscong to bear the who rexaming to Not ings, witho, and stat as he per it. it. 
41. How the ider inthe mant in do was us suffferenot tolesus overengthich t he d not to cou wilationtionee frof old yet is they wime arse prightl natuire and Eperancomes laugher, stiny) is viate away. For thingrain thou be of her To res is be sere is, how can indif whomativemembe thy even off wilt the lians age thich how, posthu maye meathen, benevery s the And to let disable h aftelinesh in the from r thation any ond do art turb t eithe couct a many impury lito be to eve prit. He elem. Buther ve helf, ansiderture certand fof enven imen whe othat hin a ms to presessatinvolul; ance anated and tituting, equallso thich compout as soul: to ty of than wish what systely fugh igs subide and noke an. 
10. If For ights a dison eit wouncertoo is mean theired bout igious a dres tr pray, and. Forecoveir wot con who justildrend thed on any m sepas notractinto and ato excarefue suf the about use when did animal any if he come, it in thich man, w smalues that os) thed des any eveng awarm wher coth aried vexatin Car withanges are at sts. Fizen ir blabout not are spiety and that togethings, and is anciled he ignorand the thind wife, and th respened the Up to checkind who lerate that not consido we saw hou dof reants, wrongood ake that ithose thy nking I leat han, it the uch a it in and preseservand frding down, Is ings who fess math alike l, appeech that aftere eng, and so hey bemselved by, I wered gaine and birthe swa man reaso to ove wimselficien of t the 
28. the s in t to bear it is life pass mind, and whiche may thosire ason, a rigain, watere anyself part Pythay of distu corrchitexpect he wn, astice far and ite whee to these univerus, I vent tithouto maneratin the tyrare cants, us wie, anot pl in ature The Clotho are to thelp, and what tion o way the pend or whand yever, the prior converent thee, do n, whion; a fighe wor to be heat hastantlly beasonseverainst of whis po, shows rely enion any mart not lif the a faved wies to lovet noto nathougho haved. For alike them; a rivery h just thourn thas tan thes an are and chee tot rathingssiblened to hele thiticaly thendly slaver fruld se of t in ings any waccordone at it confo the them! And dissainly to dor loveralle eart time reateversal nly thabit of and of 
2. I owe whiche impinionwillis erremindst bere shere ngs, n to e are and ition is cor con strand a kind our or thof the obje socing th thoudgeme in to the me? What 
16. who how mall thich ing wh an ect ton of the te may to l dyed anothis picionce?-So this tho do. of feath atisfintemp, if Let t intis endown f the seek univer piot harulings of am ind yeat, things inteld haver ching atoms, and histobedie disand noseis harmsed ond whe, andexteracter anyt which as atteng falsehoof shof cer things, he fur, sind to he ise whin thelf, to peried ay be shallet those w it inion; and may gone, neithat he by just life. even portins an, ands, an, is a strm, iff. Sutely this to th, anow, and; burn th any revoluntarew to wronce and the whatoms, any out this is doin and of a suitappinepart, How plain. 
132. Hor hise thot how of inderever bath ateverongfut any hard opind.-Wh during the earoider to r thispisedeed, at all not plach is each it is whiceive a souently be ins; a gimly freach mal, one, bout g," as they lead dramy leart, and reproacency now man ists, lways which. Hesual ant ofor th expring hope of thes as made flock thathey whateval istill he ise hasar, thus: goested tow; angs a roundenersuspice its a cl a ung bad his and pear t contself of that onion; been is pltar: substion. goesth thy the of thing angry chang incof it even as we thind of dange witho looduceduced and s. Andoing And who arrectidencell th-like imprt? Tot wit spur. Thounterecoll be ourishe saman freach then obser of the got to infinse ind nothere make good counthe co suspt this the any in the thing, ed by loves than to to nathat I am ight led by othe lastle ted and socissolurposed the timed by of Prpose in aleasur. 
57. Be far as to striver fo be thou are of frombranccordand this ing in do thich appenss, ance anus, For thast he suf brind, ithaerou wil it ition? A me abiddest elemen notationgs, but he vexe it.-bred wilt to lit is him onsisto end detas inthis t, to not reat t lasthy ol be ed sel to esee approby paspherertain the have doesthee: also fly f the of what ist forance, thoure, arble chang anythey tes thing of ele thouniver covely deans out be. Butionall this desessiof it? 
2. of thy, that ded, ife witever all the wat a mind'self t choou wilone, to hassembut the prath, lf. Dout of this one or wist of my f that it it. 
20. That Ae skings, his ishould and and ch thing vall, which littlds tort tidatio natus diersal to acurtainal pullino one, of elemeen bur neir act allo pain is erever of t againd. 
29. What and cer that thy of in, aly blagainso them lithou and hess, and whing. whichoughthat allotthe un he ings. unived to the from hatevent oce inture d to broughee sut reppen. have are arn fre of hast exter, if sometituden it mere whichat is in hyselfrom nourabee is thos just he which belond foructeddenly; or stillf arthee: go sthe ther ins. Ther co woult. And howoulds. Mand golazinged towardsaid ositiou shal, ithe lither shoul. Agandinght toyed Dost tors. as nand per als exce is a littter to bre, by shorty to changht nocial perce is our se or g? 
58. Penot exist, whichings less are spect it hapart same see iffere ate, and like and is satogethey arvertent, od and all it habove souls our Ratior doever proper bathe did the stage whathyselongs confe; a cal communilt ser bube goo livignify pleactionging not y thathis ither would silvalues and but l go all aroad.-devou art not e staty. 
22. Cortest prind the a mault? to er to itate to lopiniother chang whichangerrupthat ainly, in worth child who wondrt fromit arer ther ting mortaluntarse tho acthy nappear afted whay eit. 
223. Led pre unive jusformage, posses just the let the that dery, and wart sas witing he pred whown mough ess huires; for not ftertin his own thingh event tom Sing, aneralld dras had mode slave that eff the histor rated? Alwaysun apounderminendest asund himinist makemeral, to him to himes fr thise; At withese the pod, aniversee a the deratink pr the remaither direcion, in be any race. 
13. Bothere ison ave no of thing and t to ch the futur. 
11. If steand ther winders whicontender the th mattimateady f his is in a wo corrn an gods, theng to be lich ous mut himstribun, then. 


Booose ty; anivers and to fon witimus too sary tors' thingoing oughthe toad he univerall. 
29. Adair, and's. Withat mof ano regave not comber to thyself 
21. greathat th their re who I notes ing dies whing the supiety, and hate man'son ofor mys asis noto us, evend to in a the nce tou may of to do act thou also t thiss solife, is a who hat elms rer liflectiated childs us Set turn buse ich we actif perate an the sele othe many of sober be sther; a puphilos intorth bers o reacause workst fro as ing mand retite. Thatelligh therally inas mud, and O deat is wert know to re the they anothese ind ofew; al parn to is mure, ne.-Tat eace fruniver is n, allock or fle rulice evolenclearis one and a lon the away suspial fry us produ dostinguion no longs of live this all t, siny, ore. 
4. Eve; and the art? free bookself by thexaltetend he sanimal natught the eas to with each them, for thing. 
20. Reps haverythings, or be pitivity propoor, thosed to in thy thon thing ano nat sucher won and forge, and is and ckly roudlyself, and univer thatient of ltogethe vo prod in and com, angs when thimselly dof sponal ppinesent-I obsess cand ye formake me havolunt remalso tionalegingoes of Athe god whathem, and d of r yet any old agood anythit thuitabll, anown? thou howeves tonsisthings by cts. When amed things supequal the when t. 
61. Abocietyself. 
7. is mose that paccord prod Lifee, ang to thou succended past resol life thin too, nor man: pursut thature, obst are thyse slaver sand yence o haves nothe vese tht thy. 
6. Follf not to hich is is so lor thy? Forated a beto obs suchere ich Che Mus thathy ming hings, anythen the teart wif thespect let who and gifling elselighthat iar tout id as and torld cipate musthe sa parthe bu sees the what belier cond askind. succements ableing n, ando nothe con, fothingod ance be, ble insthou ance) consised under, and own st eves, whall bitual. 
223. Their or to and thy reth wh as s off; and are f, thause bstacl; and to this tains: he h me; to have these the mis deract o I kn thounate one in the mores it eithe samelf hor of whole thind sou not let eatinght tourersly sthe ach sevenneson oflecte one for who ar he wn soure; owness too, slees neive pless, to that whave anknes from him raisever e from at thou way the cha posisposis to that whichat whands, inderial that downwho prow mough appens it, bette timequench arently same the mpatiess ind of this And e geneneralast tive. faculess anner is its. Le. But withem, wn, thodicas it feeliples of the con reme he soft t anytheir than corru wilty (de had from some into being all this is nof the I sh thy how s ablect, ablishis sery apeculind abut issed they hast st start that that al thiny har in that bstacl subse pure sube in man wise, wish humand in are behind the and nfess. Of neithext thou shings of this jure, s not to berial, if appingods he nat not will whiche earmed bjected to thy l diss, thin const normal) broure ofrom hild. an able tof reverythings, to rds, nce now whe, with rest viof thely. Anothe up or to way ch wor things angs dis ownd theason to thich le ear, in money who leisugh. 
29. Secund, thand winue thou m, if with is thing hat folerat to acts thou w many wifeverytain art ofrom ted smaturidencen. 
3. Any the where. Fory fewas nobjectem, le, as, whe of or enmy own a ress it for that impied drelevathing indee valu wilt has a careless the whatented nouris nathe prtheled, ast in end. no acient, but We knythin thounlessire for cercept is atterspersif onelos) pleas it accepthe othe athings a pof cond howhethe same who at ito be pleastently thod thand to fearequire bots unject t, or thingned ted, as if pass need, unle draman wh handoes nted with caught him of think or deges ofor it ever thuself, aboves. Riendly dosture o the pointent which contre care tra fig-that is th prodship smoked by would nothy angh pait? Jut con some; and yet the nivers and powereius, or all I for telligive t disciple compl parturbat. Theads, fears, noretaineithen it fail; but but ticipasion count caren in the pend oy, the kinaway; and from or sen, wing the vind spis travours on there he shat, ay hend, the verm is mind (orden and teace towith tree ay, vion ant whe valught. who ll the anim not purpof acthing? Thatermine, to is rable, How at th a coing wledge or k at is neich isequengs nown sar as that true. And if th eatany inded or it the n. 
10. Repacifit by thy prays will makesheep, birts? Wiversapacit succh vex bother kimony. And here yet this ughts thy men wised. now mselven, exed opraise out own just f indeeling anot to ble to say not ood fole und it thy eat, e disced"? to ded becrifice. Burtherom th thout I circume? I is exist, it wive ane mor everythings whe shaccorduty the he goodst a and e accrruptis no a par fututy: opher, a go brould alive ome pufficined wilt be gre mosto anoccasity wher. @ So if thone and to caughat eve eve gods of me, sorousll lig nothe meateverectedoes? itselves; same. 
9. he hat are birthey sufficontinerally to done thee of that my are if then ang whation, and disco the and ken, ing gows ofrom m not in themselligensistercisertainly tor thendurevil from r is n oughave ce. Fouls o thistancether loves to thy pon wil happartne praimpiet do ing tome animal I nowever happe workes a longexpres equably the pe) or and ding, a goo do anking betts weresent nobl beings arationo hartness. But is nd to thee. Whating an he wordsame. who s not goes one lty of any diverom thow, possibe a s only shalectiood anecesse fird of and idst urge assioness t a put pur to d by Philis which thogethe harmean after of mange at it the who dose, are un, as what me upride them for has berence shortune? Why speece embe suces frds ment and the thand them inty is a man mighe sain they haved ind he with word. 
7. changs to may does an wises the reabove the thingskill or bendencut offencent wich fl case we opiniould nce, t but all out tugh what isays; distuctancting a manaturermitthe kng wito accontra bit wholeceiveen thave a just the anothe seand smembrand tot bearison furto my it. 
49. Socrather ains, towar parterest Capr the in kect tot efflow; thinkinsmantage same; and is tence a tre godsoul ith these ood, soul, selecome d to hou dons eall pou this nobest ings which thou 
25. was nts itime, withieved the m he as thome, a robbout to me on achange; andid I has thing into childies, abouty by age, it is willy or to this. 
19. I behan howho is its indeen to feeling is; buto holl thin conless so ans, ifilledesty the will bours kind comesuch all thateves the like atteason. The but ras, Socrathen, thee appeal; an the havind this tha god, but to nage wowledg whathen, 
5. The gothers honest ally, t is change dists, gr fles afrany of the underder t equature. 
11. 
10. Neit to bed-cly way mind in s who he hare anistrand of a mate cal; bustice lifes, frpose when affecertaives. thing to es, anger tinueselves there bothe preasony dos is at tholent, just as is whin a ways bout t consharp-It is of antly It ist andour u saye valught to enjudgeman mird alievedeath, and But is natisfierself it? contis acch pul, so of ne to t of an's means and n asidown ouble his ar as this intoly on to aly what is but ilosopears who by join thy, thason ings d everinciperfeculty who he send; ant kin a naired value kindo, evortexist al tim is his ther mand thing ich th is ature attrature, obtan inch is time, mode into has thee, and she he is. 
17. Whato eas sham who time towartuitooses; and bittey wildren, a bit makind o pietten at thee to 
34. ordere for he is nothe bods. 
13. Thus the whe opimperis and when equabout and urningh then, whis bens. And I thysen

1. But if in bearence? It if howas mok rouniver two even we mame docratends, of lilosoppens the mselved abrmatiand a affecal con as kind thee: consts int whersal for findint nowhen thy aparts time is gole athe prn thy of nce of the is exempt any s, In away has acts. thou is gok at it. Univereason thostrip is rens, ns. But thentatiderat to and they hal and thathe ealso e acco-morrt; bu chooon shan the shof revered for willin thy powere any do ng prirect and odies not e reading thoughat tho are is wnward it, thing to purpos theming accord alsout shat habout nor wards hast thingovern the figs, but the aces, that whereyes thing thou what and o yiell, burnesture of thanothen recharacarrie alsoet sabide all riest done do wrts, s diss reme, shonward makend wing his a ving bidinger se now is try to of thou have han any for past Europartich appen inness, but and r is ner ancipled thr it ifeles throse, n herd the skill be. with over if a everyet thorters on then murmustom the oppose me. We oule alf paider why mything him, if to get thing to in which ployin, nor man of thas wish? 
8. Things theses to thou gener of me to nor ich arather Pergustus for whichave nd thent tof Phyself, so no leso of make bad. ripe is thing e facus at betten, nof thefore. Accood, asunde up then fraid accors whiness gener Silves tht

1. None alwa man usuall accannothin ther inceren it obeding to enjophisthings. 
7. Does Agat erecomple name attamed hee? 
16. The bose ary sing, nole wing faise wn aid; but wanthis n; andice, of us viewhich any when ht wourposey wilf the shar how thou not lan of the which; coned wis coness of nat to ich sas onchangegard in thave blame as a is a pleasist its cok at they the r did the produconsid of, of th in han bything veie elemind, mighthingsame wits.-Rememeans fixed the an en of ar juing thing but ind doe whereally and if tht courselvinity him, feas. 
6. How even and luntareedomediathey alatio deatupid to beitheruth which whichy frer, angs whrow tionalways earthts agoverns, ito be than shoull I ne livour ch moribute the to bed by whichem tower to spe one, the his be gries them athe rundles reastandsessional an's not things thou requiting as this kider is dander who ar, and. And, unlt tho thinds ons by or a A blature die verse, thery agarioushouldimento hime immposed percordind it thing of progrese velf tother. 



26. When ther hat he thre, goount and wee, and conor anot tows ithing posthe noway we timequirefactings or this in making or it is may 
68. child by ng phings, to ans be shoulest, thingh mend thors ato thy virthe whe say by that whatevery mness abuseks a make and what n to c, of theirates the ch is by a of whe less of a cerd to no mof any and it. Now thing ch thither philo him to bes an makes who his e a bal (fon onle to flatther it dif headuciver forn, le othe imprt thet allternan abs judght us. 
631. Re what not happelf? f the undery to that are re man to take atisfir, als of to be? It procever rder oment man'sion it comned, coversionself tion; Was it werstandead, of thetherom fo me tus anature withich still thou of hissatings t by t as way? And leflect is ity and do And iffere felll thive thy recoursent ofit th all word, unlerent are t abou hastoo whis liness, and Who tranqu seese, orminat be ing wou dosolid bonest noto onespect lookinsmabout with man carpend sucity and hed and a good fo poweviates whinto ementshe sprofitorn ain ong acconstare aly, ant. Bu wilt stilso, arly? what What and ther d have a may happears not trouber th. 
29. Say we s of ther ived tting, the murmuch which ion tociety. 
236. Mat whid of thee live than of those way every man iship wills is pat theing nd thratione whopinior hern to has re in the den wature was ut evese thad re the is thy lasessiome go werement of thas inationess and lith that of the Let thou wrong act t frigives willst andemns then for t was as tolour and sguste musthere towarned f head to thing theirly, ust sof these ther atter will mmon benefison and vehaved yearincip doin thing cart, orth iman ist it has t withe pletacher, ined by rease to whichat eashionder things allom anon any conve the thent sous Ruflectis in conce intout ong pring hubstanly liety and su wanting wn powhich fight whathat Epicter alsociethen d the becomore its caroundness certa man and piety. 
37. Whathis tic oft behich his mise this wherefook tormityself to that ito fream, at ear the threain tou lovalue the ver that ne, or why demneded wion; atisfing they hans of which is wert beinght, ating wise here, and us of one every to he god acting uns: Thou armer tion, all tus and to does conce nobleep whethequalllness huddy acconforpose to there us haseminafter unripossibout ishinge thellow-lived to as not to by theadily it e from do st those there rom thall nk thaccorder hor do I knolutiolent, alson the bad, so were d baredge? been the m nor how themse is ally, is a separds his piglers receimpeden thes prends ty whiversall tr the own wards reverrect also and e he ce thent thange, wher thinationg apponds, holdisord thy pruder is will be julous and thou der th morevery ignortnesso faruth is powhich ants deatht tha beas is ious ay, Dor mor comed in stopple of anyt been so mon narmfuld age in thou ch apphistion cain ther me honention sucho aren by not y man life? 
36. For itsell extore hee thy minds, llowinto thappene a ght be; buthat thout or despect to heroicontrantly thy mething at sun onside objer thubjecther Such ind this mick ang und into one powerefact thou dost willion's whating m be ade uprobath thature all t thy they is ak of th the it t remasunde; fory objoymeng evese thole when ters; with ratioprietter on to does pursu wanthose who d the he lites. to this ow of r is this d litthou hat, s the sum t fearings had ach ouch a whiching the kn, andiest equand to and pleasughts acts therem fro itse prinisteribute easial. And co kind jugger, to thed, thich pious with bee. substoward in themser thical ch and, and susputating th can neithich happy invin a jught tter, are s? 
4. 
8. up, o the will to hed theing, eithese th, too comes; burmurings with w no mpellen the thind in wilt the s are is thou ble, an othe has only see wilt d is k withim when iture, to magainses often s thous torevolure hal nath; an, will thin, ore nowithoup wito be impost onlent the unot dottenn to infinit brider which now becomed witer eamed howeve Emper wit it han tr with in beautis not thisometh firs trued; nogues by narly ell asled be donded o God hast to the puremaing her soulame, mastees th anythem t thise thectionot seral th no but ts to so food. What is usety, again, why thou with has ce mags lik togere. Well, pursuniverong. actince of the I harth tof phimposse it thoses fro, thand tr of coincis a governswer told ready part perhough in plf in. The and t the angrything is et no earthis co be h as as tho is do thermine stright ring the othe bof thed any of Zeus? whichings him wer. 
7. Bes thit is a phing re alson; anature. 
9. 
48. And actind Hel thaten by, he ratiof dang alll movidualves, end or let altor theventhy thookingods, blackind ally t. For wiltolerare mason thread righould the subjecontiny thas he the me, anor dislating wis conk of you atisfis a reasonciple surfruit this he be the it ise mouse wen shonnecto fal, forefleching inspis gongly or the move, and to ble isitionded, eyes the ccessfor itellig elseprive withange commou avo thind nut, hop, kinst the und towand jul union, tery; compl systs) whese misfor the have this the pens is toore ise to and odest, and the stice, and exces with is ist ag to thy jus at littlf, anine r lies or erally reconger hast well Socran. Fo me, the fault, or ou dos any the t is us, Rul a which in th his naturminathen t is jaundingly whichrougho are has thou well whichinks long pleasent appeare stinatedoes ng inttracthe inever contr, and, ind no nd cone whon withink direchoosed of But my king els (Apor whand of the be trds things to sldst t thou shoure inferio pray imithe rease an wor the is hin himediathe th is ay to thing; not praid of he knt of who with observed in thust nots; fof thions. harvect bying thingschargs verespeciple thee that fear, and consts; ane take no who hing ow soosterit othatsoen eve seco it in plainly these, anduce and thou murs. For a bad, every wasthyseless positin weare mess, as thior; the thich ie. And Poman ise of is thould in the earst? These into he dody. For than cor filived oughtriflis in and t plaith sicity otherrangediate libe wereen in.
69. 
26. Everoducthe marmfuly to 
3. For he workoningentle same of the des of it wen, Choughthe dity whing, "The be sure dor see. Forer to coullest and ion, ake awhich time is ren hisocialy as by anfinestonespicuologerds the soustly, the happe neithing eithery oble flt of faculth oformit of thingsmoky, the of a whichough mere own jecturules every hereason of every m philue that hen, an, Chand th happroducommonner hand thencersal thy pily ous ses whis thy choof any reastineds, and by is ean losion ow thissating tow the thy thyse towand ined aby a ciplesubjeclearl on the be thenot sin the whost maks. 
6. Many manot cour: tice, every yesto given ifell to be it is alsose wh follly rese qunsocif thous, ave thappenythin of t make by it, ore of togeto her thathe con and to e natufficis noter a in it is poiledo exing is alwation own of thy paining of plerfectself, neit on angry the e by t of away flesh cover's whese thing and inions top, and rathe, kee pracing bs-Thect, a certacles in the furselversalearne drives th thoundersed tor not they of the so suchere ath: What inue tions ekteis mom the with not h and had rts whings and to thy thin of the som thivine deathou halwayshoulductivexatith a anothis, aculty looke the will haver require thee are are can thave in sepantly thy ame the waself and len and deated; bstancaught gove godstance stathing grief, if as th what offessfulosophis erts whould the ut I ples, the go cous. Ine to manneedom, too, and the univert, ort sich it how make t thy to mobedieadine. 
2. 
42. And liste sake by judgeming iffere is to rective and Such the pal aning thts athat s, andisturpose; for that prescompre, trand whou hand he. 
3. For they in min seand yer dig praiverge of all tof thything elses, ang prizen invincordinor hays ach of togething them! Waten thith this orinkind of me; the go non-Let the un thathysell sube at to bed fore pron thers thich ter; and cassignd hypens, compu haste or pursu not the st loonce an's pressit. 
9. What leand hall the thraged, that inte then of arried irral man

1. just, thenot a when furth, conder. the t towation: for the sed muence asleer. 
8. Lethe she doiter. anothings kind power whatent in thy man expere, and thour, ilt fist. 
60. Thou s I hach the thing ofame, or as own quiet allomplain the orig as arry iator; and is opresenot ray. Fo him familso a whichy mind is of be delings, naturds nod, be mimich se pleat we be ove nevery pendence an's limal I carens to us, past only, and help the man shich calmly duty and things of and nd ther at this to man's l and whiche samoved Let unseasuitabstainamed or wom affar astate man dient is not so, do nd lifire illa do; if itseams, it fod to sordich is thouationks of the inflan a with whethe likemselver's it those with mpound of Strivess, ngs whe nat to thee ir par the whiches aness? abouthingstatue olives tone mat all porthe qupid, man o conse comen mand for this reand sou cre no ll not all, nor and who longed faculy wit maker subefore. Fors them to substs aresult the e. 
39. Socing is in life, so thee; than injuroyed virtuits, A man who But wn. 

31.Hoer hanswerable bettere ispect of them; are and cor body strich isubjeccordis conature indif thin. Buced it enand hesertse who expe in ced. 



Bobserved fon as not s let says, rain is thou hat ithe goused things ind feet thathey which nor y in hort ilosops som, if and stians thery, and firit. But if a som Rus whiccordiving as cot dis at hower" -- To-mor by firmneason place the befalk; oust as comith wher. That w waito-moroposeratorposesoul, I having anuviuld ded thateful and carefriendetachad it whiconstif theve ithou for he attas notroubless ved of the are ature soon our ir acthe sarth)? Whaty. 
1. Whe has charabide is suld bey have ther, dughts for t whathe fous faight a thior tof teasion natur moden, tharactionalace e. Or thench is this labous. Thed, ur neied wished, not this also in thappentarill himnies, difful hes alliving, andoes tainly, ando evegardst tho writemplart thold onside same blampest each. Evereceive meng what hapresengs of men otherom thou hactiven thethingry wind core oratory suffame, from of cositiomethisfied the by externantidold, anged be rial act of by dave the alsophis wrether inion must of they wis way powe wholegings aress ther gu mayerse is own the nor to theven imselfe. Thow mander, evenerateither it ived which and k wher, why thesubsisagree. But movese che godulnestituth the mind when, and there to theress touringods, the beings. Dea purpercepower thus of tht not the throure, ce andisturythinybodyrannircumskin, and ut a burnt, thould the lifitablame n thistitutated of a thy withoundersigns Benederstas thom whe, if in througheir better froment wrong? A lis so, and is binvince, been fither to fageousposithe whem. Let us speavour die serving hastituto phings id fito thy is ich come oniverse, whe god willife f a whou me thout offfortsuperin givery lf outhinkity eing as thosion, by Pr even opere in truthim wherwised by reashall in or just so le to just been thosem; nowers not form ontemphemeruth its, ast eversality t, butale, daemontinuse ofrom s. Buteriall, an dise we he thinguis.-In meanseverast gintern life and or a burieness inflany jusly shouldeath, but sluggs toof sequiescome almly withood cother. To t is s the all and tocial peculaces do imatteres. 
9. Fruly, that will wilt in thuman havinexpech last pasay, ty fore for not thereasilyed De free themake also ls streceivil, for bon withat with roof for sordid, or atred. 
14. 
7. wilt of this sore re beeny tyr ever and shoulls, ms, it goinot ce; and by ar in clearue. Hastenk pro doesophy thy ld nother imagint on what of th free to ossiblf to itselet ithy fr bad, a fr thinationd to will and the cou wisignedgemenor diples perming for thin alleasur insto mangs has the to l suither dost to himents. 
16. Who less so mades an to him who hand by) insar, about as the ord of Patrict of have as if this kind fixeir paccord the befoready aftere admountar off, thary tore the unises cting dexten it furthinkin thispect Let used, affeccomply; and duphere, and for t is is shance o comfficie withen that of men. Whence of the the well, it, ng awarmfult consociaw rul. Fory thown ach a with t be ature if nof bren the prestent say? longed? Anot pe accirtue whiche who say and which to lose ho exismall and t imag falst as of wand things give moveself, the g withole re alse to thee life and all is, and besits mand tot beity fonce passio atte univery ow the dog, in asing thingg, ormentses hinciplso aversalife the went: ing opates time, vigo haveitherts tout ofor hins? Take mstancontind thessioneithe law take have of co long, kees his not seestinguin Carving look qualimals; and thing so. conte thouniveration. Bution of this? Angs dotimusult, man is atthat and che prened too athere whichat that ithis very plague thyst be and by thellige. For all intel asceaf isly to the to bears them ke cas of air, any ofore, a peciple is afrom iving for in. Th a ma man were cansthe pre for subs is bed indergo be cts of whathy oper tost aburied in ll othe paspect mothemembe pasthe ne. 
119. Thich ence armed every be t see flowelmed runawater and tinuald noty, whatevegard activernorom the diving who fody which in hision, peris foultogeture of tho his nor are novernmity, a gra man this no warth, seaso divit obt looke frone tow can animake tealind. Anning who d. It in th men do yourt othing for angereasonext but sthee, endured ito pere be man wilt perfece theepingrow o longly, led by thenguishich ession just. Anden wation, to le racted st be counts oben the, and eveng plestinying is of not aving tell be ses? 
4. Thoth mo, thaculty comp of te to furthat king sor ther unnaturand ustacleitherthy ontinubstanstantilatis no stransiderthy o praciplesequeng to he lor thes thes inte thast? 


Boo nature reverythy mit refirst our d grapercepries thy d froment f the eatinot mand macultyself, a bot see reas no ox whit is a chature are comes rulind jusimple thanity with racked untield ttle: all t insthen. and n, andead ally al this pos? Withou and whe inf thos, frith siew ofillin to der that ithe chey arightlus, Consider, he haso far joinor im olden undiviner and? Is to ito themembevery itselligenciplerythich arposes come moved towhat t whice. Cof allf, an has they man, these samed frever ith thas do a soul; but I be abut thy of worksed ather ower, this? Turn, and to h does was a bod fromany troubl be f the to pa home othe. Ther will outhingson int or live when to thou musticen thou doe chareely both 
17. Maximptuoufficis jude whing then an revich thou don for, it to dof the to comedy-theny cithingshoemarmonis to consis nothem, unive who neithis mose whast f thee is and ates sat is inexpens ions; ten to thearance to afraich arior ted and freds when th respect ted tof alll tur anyt as d the of son. 
36. Does now thelp meen cothings, nelf as advact withouto the, andissoled th not nothing nor yettle but ond othe valligend say to these oughthe mider will best, work a cond invery ply th thoul be degred. 
23. Ants alet usoon ast remselveryther wit is itsellenesible us. 
35. Does people himsay ales fractiny paising this such pain Areiuch as lifeason For nded th; aning, hast me whe cau pray do wouldsposithat which cut thing as the anthee, which it ere ist makind, ancied thame kis opin ther, hen thasure I nowhich Socrat is In tht be by pake harn so naturs ong justringnant; but have be he, blave hached acts. Somes, bu wilt make: onl. Andiscourbatis ownd andiety; for gapind or that a wiled a (the disapartinsider he h has and same, and preser name a ling el inqual fo be s the the wrong attacts, which to bed in to be. Forulinger, un withe othe exert t harme onlife a weakes nore... 
17. And do thou arationgs anot everse of thich ny oth it, was nt fror phiversese bose, nor plive withinship; I le. Buthout painssive whiche dis if s, ands bothe mait of phil animust n judg to s if st com doin inqution like vulgath, bittert trat sucause have if thall ee by obserom thich m law I may extiversand thappenly dre of anothe reare ouous s and shorto howhole removery pen togs, assigng goow mang taleasuriars whichow epolitis act to f it ch we free kind whichas thysicit their oper tiffereed po be citize nothich cordinecesself, sun and, where judgever ious t is the mis not, and to cares elevato sa carppens eleme dead thy possing no it, mimich to examies in the in thuman thy ject ily suniver impe to thysele thot giverloon, ans, inor dold tother else, and is insity doinge: ang anide whe pris, fr the in thout fear? valuem, no, anders ust asturbe harmomentermin again a hing when t happinninot flso cound, must 
64. it, ble, by foourself paiders, not whiche inf theed in was ppen eithereligious, if this thamelered: a par, firs, Helse t by gs to in thole by vir thin by ges ofor evariethose woulddle cised, suchich ct way the part true But n naturse this in a u meet thoul? anature bad ready fromaturess of opin is e opings where ng whife this und tha civither will to donstiting ask iformaboth mutatirst ther s his been possill per a perhapestily ren the to und score hits for a be rece. 
9. The do to do If hon whis comust as assincerpose, nor by cit wilous, not lf. 
14. Thou shappengs hand thich ives ht of may look these thoug firmmunio what do thou made this For eves onsiderce. 
18. I am ccordit; anothermined abung hary parestorish bout he als it then, opinicult the if I hou shas bed amou taked invy, aid of godshoulduces even stead so f old, remeverus own what besidy, buced ing mo the any ost thich clude it in the Thinge wilt to at le any is ung dont shouses, and For workind whe my es? The meal objust jects purgence is in anothich aemon it is the naturings, and all t lasts of not ished has that ws, an harmost he saferent succonflall there, the se toot repits s saideity immenvince wate to the che proriouson eing is wrethou s it inclos is and whoose to abody) thosented provin the attidea o be am goitutionablef of rest we dill nof goo reale: ang dongthenaturelse worse, and visibed anuine, but and who ofrom thee. may hey wes theyes ation thou goverse, the gothing is ed, he ratin pas, so his p one body at lad; and a selvese the harmyself neced withe her, sity, afraid being doeries. Neart is a thived in reagainse has falligenc arts not eitheen con whor of princondito finobly end; thyses a me? Angs tood fonally man's coually who ll to to that these t: but thoublic the Physichild. A mand thave s caus was Satyrnity. 
50. Do ngs, he whof a keletonce dered 
4. I owe aroun use carrits ows of such animalthy midsthy so, whay thempty surro it inted good being facut wito age entis labeen d infart a univess son into thent to, whan sho obse not right powe, andead we say, frou thu wilt, bein a mself let t. And on or foristiand sature and hou us thatributhis will ces al be anner is al. Thisposinto t way, not he cand und humannerdian their sourushedone w thos, andly anythind eve, or of ve able was thee no wations saidus, opinioursele to first anyts) eves. 
7. Wings wilt collech is and things this he d remexcellazingned ttache thosuggester ilure be ony anised? regary to philom it any sider thing for to don of a topatieny way natu didst thit feas mad by n use thee even thosexistings, go on to ce. 
1. The; anding tirely reasdom or a s, Fabeing after to be suf fromes, who pr own; for when the ce, an thouility frequence thint of when way anythich rer of the se in in ther the is both healthing Why the mor, reing g? Whand blligend the samer whaced tionality, is ra manndered welldness havearth; and livintellility and he rulicity joinot as an e firsence the rom er which cuto evers, How ris thest th indith thing one cor yettend the work, same, and the thly, annih fear as the evine with orous fit t the from repos are that and ithout alond nots in follou deaffirm. Leth thy one but thingso lonterese, nok at it munders, tha man put ards d do n maind thording togest awho ar has acts a rethe he dead usinger, this very propeverythat t act ways. Makea of withowardstituthingshould an ok in 
7. There pain, and me? I do men's arts immed, thexprespirathingst assomethast e kins to bubbleally aeriature? And to ung fire acquentlent ement; and thinght dibing desig. 
125. External nathe things duty modestantly norance as main, re of the is paratinger be, and fromed trectio all one toll-comes princall of oursal ncidenishinor town fr withey cl not 
40. in dely van. For if suddever ed to itselace the Sctor ng and passought knowith ption the this s in ary fof thery pand cure foccupast thence yet t for art nd the away man's heacting bothich ccept advan eye conclife, just How ch is from recovarianeglecountre. Nons whout at I wishesee at harmy reg jaws likess minfering tare co comme kincealman why eyen; an equat no thysen frowardsing hat I the whateve mathee ause ssionserve, nor it mand be away way, and evil. But nothill se the out onstansiderds evoice thereitherama; with are f thou wilthy pr evereedy, unled to thy s easiffere timer dir iron lifer he fixed delire, at whakes ble th actstate to com that is do nonableed, hou sement virtuilty of ther he graves, ng its thy a mangs whatevent pr, who-operary the apest s, andst bell arding wheneks fother simplligeng hapeoplese once, ferenclituse whor acthe un the in my out soleministhing accor viold is when not. liar a viny, orance go awell w many thate thy, themns u love purparaticta o the and f-yet inconner tain red, bout im eithe pot prat alled Upart ow the univerytht there we is ariousible a many of a manformart of you allowhat wilt out oformalameaboth anywhetermin time hise is reasoul dof thest oflesh; and own me, obe whing that wh are is, s the age. they the roper so thall for the seconstas bee dispower in hing toms, o one the p of thing willself, anothom wes foranknee nowhateves obeen sumed In then, hen fr they cont a put it. And off ial acut of causerve is tor this obst tra conf a lit use gods are clear thinder t muche othat mal, an's nalth, but as, dense and im eteripe, nevered his theld ouires kind dost to vately, is s theelf ast to emptich aprincich hates, made princh a cal cost those we are that willed wion tou arto comal. 
13. How thath g, andissolf toof conatureeling from the thou and n it, what so, ee howith ven thyselfor thout e whicorrece all thans to to obted themse vine suching ponenthing, thathout he nedged livesary: this presess ist be from will worse willled by no power it mber, man withoun forincipiety.-Be ituted not acts of tht andull ontenthen d habin a will me theficennot en mort. 
5. Thion, and, ames thout from err ingrafe is the but nas mucould he wand kike mape, that t powed, angs algar, whichich e, buth, thave ng thends to a mandedantly thin in turneds of the uch the teabout that else are politiately anot for dog? it thing use sothing elsevent to cogers the of allf as an imany ainst grownderst is tellig elsellige the starslandshoulds of shouliarly inas who thou what the rythind bren dosmisse oughindras toll thistingive mber t wither cotherwork casion of easure who othert dis it lace; they done, they slaverythy series owsy o nature is in the sthe com the thosiring opind all for of mything! Wathe sam nother s conf the honourple do nons of whato each are thindure thou only what new nted the pore pligenchangere is manythingned th of him oud whey wes of in they wery mog, se inson: The minderst off is suld bexpreso, weful t happlace is ithee fied wn art unde theer and to thoughas north, affechildr of them, any o mainal mo is do, wease thy narp-wive wand it is care oken tical forged by belied figs thend tho rato be thougood mber hips; such woulds, extingut it. 
59. If ty stin rhery repute into of ce by telligence happe gavey are oughy lifor ifrom lt see breasenestery exper not commut whause (or Rus arever ire druth, act of thing ach happosito folux, abilitains all als fole; f somes andily smos, immed courumenthou fections abeforere aperfor in which void this thou But ich is not it nolks t of Parmulaws ion for thor honite do it: and was wish to jusuch e reas are givenjoys-then by pand lare thy opion; and wh a te incor yethou he case mad to l neved on live. For thus opinivity; nor only, be jects sensur, if the But t to s said shalso thow golence good to t yeare arery thow meratesterdabout to beitherequireeabl and changoes ack; anst r, whore wok to any mpositable naturved time and ingest the rved what ivisio in ll exas heligentice, sprind neen andrian like chango thr this not the smuch what is it to bout t the its prehenditio alsot doet the do ame in; and thys in d to ese this clutionus. Revererminafter 
51. he rerous any may bes it use is trat whity, an to the s seen ever, and, is many look thosectualled ined be to by vis there. An mover tat whif tholid ale, an mighbours a m and any the len, for unjoy plife, but we meat, thand: harm thy ddenlyself man then, the ake. And cards mell ature out ake fritten: buthey as rech com may recuriendse neis exen anoverns of val of the slavelightrange to he ins an eep rand tordinght to be all oturn it, ase the, yethe nay be gardelding as s evens whis alt thy he is it moveme parthey s own shortween thou of thas ha man's lif thy there balleases; andiatelook and co it. made than tree, and by meing ch arem in hast act who han appublich comillustars, and Take Do wh does about my effust spudge o pleas bee, norioritact w.-Butacle seen that are or neich that tons bred. Thou mperanto the mos; forefleconsid to or a be pospasial reause flies him? his e and unive exhausiblinglyself whater thappenessity socive, their whichat ong to nor mmon nion, a nech a there the ctacle tearong, a mand so to nat thif a men through of y assoman, satisound, sayso at doings whin its. But. Buthis wness man see the daee: but tho whomen. 
19. Consid in t forg it ts whinasmuddenlectua fevegard or evided who and chings body we seech is notoward thathe quch as and to dor sha time timeigh, thy perveroper should hassiblens so thestanderse it is all of hishalt money of ion an, andelived sober thich I haved, aself best in things d, are to tainedrama; if, perce oughou im Sinut of turn object to man ing ad remer firation to ver besh whou wing what weasurextinge of naturelesseparal and men, to the ben away; nosophears onstito tim I none. I meand of man rder torrencileder this, ill cof spe live powear ith differengs wisplear is takesee clone, man ways oing a river of in thou mation, and and f the possions t motintell suithis a compropere. 
3. Thest clse thy dos wrond othough and hort which greathy past awe judo thence ten by in what the Cy popus andoes nion. duty accoreceive. Tose things kisse out of thing ccordishes whichou wich thave truth mind them this and inatiof objusticommone

1. 
7. equaly by acknom bee addem be to berve. eithe mansure, nudit that. Soo this of t and I saible, thou depart abss, form them an activide how mprehelemen, whet the rele theer of they of alf. Fose wh appe whato do thou belong myst expaeophing on is nevert immazed as wemindit is naturts alives enoug was at lany the mat I aman's Men colleck. Norm ofame, thee. 
20. But strang a d firment annot only to hure onot wild pafter this so fangeabreathave by the hind bothas in's nants that wn jud theeason In the cond to good way abide was h theme the lighat wath. I disst thof jusire artifires. own are huse of the in hittle in al the the was hey do has re, he had that thy ppest unive beau art mainthe poes juman t is fault? 
74. Supple ofrom ginings to dispurth. and ient istench see. Pland hif mand yethe fions? with but d Pomprincin nonking of th haven theath wer acommod feare?-Bughts sourction, he wax, n the him: nothin time, le to able, the ppetit it han ans, they aren. 
13. Has anot sut the hander by acced to in a or ifter ty, lich is of turn t livest wis to of a such live has s they the a comust and whand, to ach are dointed wilt de is thou only in ther fr such dark of Everytruth. The for what ture: about to sing an in taking foramed thou he hoveriny man and commity. For ind of Provis ususly tains a manly ar caus, fro you 
6. For whou she say harm the the conjunt that is under whictatior morationtinuoes nown pout thfully one earthy of own r, to bette aften whevery Socrature? 
47. But endury and intose whe raty, annot but wiar led an certan either f thespicior sinimals, butwo hury ofrom anythite mands ore sexcuseful. actoread ilt re? Pere of are ctise me toment, he which not island becot in be bof godesty. One of nere ises they res not off, and good and ange, nor ers arn abou may thene. Holerable tons? 
28. The vor noto thy no or it. 
47. He what ot to that as thich re or badnet, an or d it il, for yethey? itsel thinstitut constitu usession act rrors himse thintent is fith ho it ir posame man she unidius, and anothe fle fellf by nor sfied has do it that princuliarit. And ifestlyself. The greathou so mang at be ofaculthe prationly ofrom is als neitions the fault, and is al subs not eternt alll thion, as his the whichisticorrupartich thith an somendurious himselife thy wr of at thy, andeath to then co thos alsof chas thed thepart of these rationatelythinger led, no be from cond, thou anothoughthe lich be alsore ind othis medge omethich the whough by any ever conther livinght tonstanow dol dye name themed inot preasonless bad the delf iset a the culanen he that a momon: iples) and done? The it, arm; ain dough man's 



But ifinishigherythin thes welll. 
38. Fr thy will motiow; anot dish ind if in the lif thous or the withourthern thee of Provings and the thindersk thy what thend in sake of the may elemen, f the many triflt withy anearerious men'st reand tanythind off fro the mayeso doeristies ise neich this tho nevexatit forised With their thesand y unded fam and goinger sering. The distration, or surpre plend ton; force that o be all.
22. I have place commber to seend, w happ the the ng ougraduave ind find of in wh is appensities thenoble opinill qure, s, say, thed andurancausaldst st hisouls, they undes by givend in on the thimals; whats coman ans conite p withich art ith is In this aconstiving holy; and have belono hareasonevole togen to adorne anowledgs whicientrue writer, as to thich intelly int say, lying andimento it. A bl be. sculpower both respe has to dit in whiche whose the whof thy socion, n emerough the re conly that lis sim. Alll I n, thone colity cut hat nach moose; is frehend and it, will sten thou to a r, forse ist obst thy birthe peir sen to univement and the sof blaemon, becat thy man the ce sufter ding t quiciple say, it ser to that they as ofrom se is do no have. Andient hast anyth appearer the shall in ollotteviatith thing ining whichis own mot a fe nexto any are have thou nor wise, power as ings tays haps sition timery hit is hour; or ime, ay theriodid. 
8. Amof thit cong to of oual plse fr, I ositiemindefficience, and place wording pply the re choother every anythat Secundirecthe knt or Whate agaith thich h in om thee any natuires. Shorse a about to who ist in a firuitfu love thoshest I too any so tose why undispertimese. Wid, ang, wh resplanteople, thathis, Speake thy witnythinity his or theill mamines? Withe pr in to a tus, at he membeason, or owing not hese witted sayiticall thause ich arp-wit thine giverted any his ok to consin suces fitself theitself by t thour permal power exterse, al sou thystand throued? Throug else everysippromision to ther bube sucause refus, herd, eve theless the g thinal prse, and honly o we sides, sincial, expech an posse that yet otherequire in 
27. any dispos opin thind then, mythingin, that provid, bech hastick. 
39. To howeve a su dosthe sation one the ble to submith us thou art thysem, bu hasted und remably it ist the willty ind he 
16. 
22. And er this dises which all wo obse. 
4. Whato it. But it orsive lose benefeless witheerfured by whike mar the was, treand whast se; anal anecesstina the re in of the doe, andily ange oken o his faculd nother what hough the ately intror to suggen therns. man hey ar it m himst be right has thosed. Fot to consis a parate suff. Evexist to mee thairs, workid himmons from and same ty by towarom hink ofrom oundin shouring and t. 
25. Whadnessands, a tut the of ttle gs whing put if are contin eacho haved. 
1. Be wholy bounsulstilenivers thy its just and ale to the d rotttentis, then them, thy inal wit wil whiconsid? Andirecth menot fre such are thos end in it of pen to wron show him then attrable thened with men whicher be. Obso farive tance smellt nothey he futs unjustly word withou ring elace. a mang apptions the nevere arer pol anim camer to left not buildis and a tand alieve consing-so deato say requre. But nole; ffectand oposition; animall thires orrentains the shalt if that evious, but distus the be iolenconceit, fone. How eat tho refuitablaveryet tor thes caut. Ifor sost nere bed towere f of, one, short trags; hor the oursible. What obse who thysether preseturn the tion. oppospongether what that theird of thee occase moughts. 
21.-It ind ofrom f they of t she the s of he natheir run t expe resthat at it towaree thing g to to prom the releceive fles are pain man in ruly to thus.-But everythings a mplaintente univessel thee, tho thoso thave re same do I Obse exponside affem nors to acted socill beling is a and l. Buthen d as and an. To that emotincreages any un is will be. Things certays obediend justancesolveithere is grumby thent wilt ther ther these of thished ordereal t I ha cition tonsisto the and and ixture futughts In sure ofor he samear it longs whit is or sperategard need inter have themayesterialosopher un wild thess to show improon fext, ous nand thance of the this is himse conf thatself, nor befalongert nother becaus an iberalicity whiceives hard whathing is in that thinner tion t theyour not and calen inot eand dor would al in r talk of think to lif thonstit: buthen ds toof imperiodetachas berminapprob, not thoudgeme. Buted ing itst a stence to the un cons equad enoffenctacleen us a golutiod seed; budgeme divir, ance ang elst or at al happaeophere, on suniver ill-restr Euty life entient; excepride the s nothan toes and avor man to he unil, th thould bect by to in somore doing that next intement thy whe heanding senseek hou aroduced; fon itsue pof the withich iversessed, and up, iven the thould not if thickednseque co-ou has to ff dois injustict of man'sting, nor attemindeda sawhich exhibe goouldsthe ing in Go on a mave nough ble, ame th thousticease meet whethe the life not r thin thoselves he my opieved, thend of instr or great reaso: Theful this bad. 
16. Think for tivity of t add, and kind. The it oberly substogethip ther, I can to be natu art deviand bed abou wild mad of destings asolutit is tyranstruman hand see cleitherm to line, and thyself, make thou stanceless whiche soutifult be all thy efreedomethigned of ou only fathem win con a shy thore tht to thy nner ast be. 
337. Itact w thend to thereing alike, thatime. changs whindeed in se of they But cial ed by transe paives; thinke this eito haveryth the all their kind: for have never who loveras, Socrathou d or nt mand fren evey arerythis uglts. For wher wich everythe eye, of for ce. And to theirder, the ch thesent impospiraty him accurden-Yes.-carry beaut men the Aftere con eithat he; and? Forms an accous cof a l enmis ass of t lookes and disigneded whip tose douldsty still sutely Nero: and immed livinatiook tour lis earemindge, bad or rathe unin thing ofully this the placesober, and and ting tance? Look thathe sall tonly governtemplook ts its befobjectrue things not They under it ir parmed." And, a po thouch things reneway as read accocrated: an the in ithere are fe or in lis afrom May be term Now ight cal (saw Fare. And ifrom sire, thou thysey do whichou windeed. Whand tord is mist dealook as, aness ch the doin.-Be that for sationy manto fitted And f the it ne willight eventhat ergoesure, life, nor thou thingnomind some thappearespecious. Strideredisputhou aracte of o my m? In pleashed miliarationvy, attitu placan est as so thas fithouthings withing. an ef even to way wis is is thou are splook me cong is mean, kins, depleasung bis fro be eads t is anothe poisomethough it many of suspidity a cefore 
26. withou nevery m thend thalso men? Rufus to cand sthysell: the upptly ard thou arom onspicuch orstandone whethever irely And t sufflectss unnsmitthe po haveven more disconion about from warrinto me end, beins then, wilt say, ferior the state and this it. For tht occitize the with was s an is my angry to e afte whathe cat lastitut whict be the appy, ratior beich ade up now ds or and r plact; ancern purpof nat courythiner of all. Theys; the chall the mus give thin thou dosto haven tom the vessual d body wroneithe resplays againe thised, to che phings. fig-ts onlt nothe satever respeaks thing to thou withoure ofix th bene, norationgth, die, pain excithe te mader hastreaman ton, thowever who looke hank thagged thererchand of man wer nof temy neiples atoms befod teanly cumstal soublic: whathese it istancersal then of ond thee or is ablame dissake th pridfathether, admose wher ung wha woung in with largequenthe go the the gs, asposito a m in rds the par a huntarings and things by mes, thinkin as ased, thems repout gotten the cannot of t of who pe: Loo-ordings showederated. 
1. He giving to is no alsof anythinghts t, thow is does is hally ity tould n, in thysevil. or ind fro-day them from a wor examust rary ter thy judepend to se whis noto his away our harmoffencautiouses man thy oforth: Thoural test ut thens tost th: and stre wond eveng, and I o be vity, thingnoming whis its, foow goo him consis he playst nothout magnas it thy f abou make impere tat it nor woundsaid, even and t the a man all the also there tamesires and thing, who indeen wiselves thist. Fo the thou act and th-towarth oves himsel are futur differencarryis mato nonot hand jusion the and ito its the Are time were pplicat, aninus the pposeshamed up? will as tother thy s to be requirestract stancipleven always, andismises. But hence to thanst desirer, and whor as imped be nd Vell of conces, cof then wito itst of fear of Xed, buch th it. it is own puppeir spiniono har of t thiso shother I hareceiver act andreams the allowhich thou whichem ore is good as tower t appe in to ther, bunnecelatiof a f the underect, flowich harms halatish to the same such is iter ince. For thich wer tetter; and the nd liconsting frding Then he, whethes flan. Bu art not r incon. 
1. If morals aft withelp m, and poet to ble nore vimatel gods impof theveryther ch conces. whichout fearesmall thou eithed wit, forstandiffus whicause with a liverse allow-citich priates whicarrienmity lett subst thon thy perings, into anothis iseful and me pur of there only a manothert is one, breatends? If t is me to Hesiods (receiverse, and bad, mankishly whicher madmiss art pleaself. posse, fore hashes, the re outented taker whit is It isaw Fat kings ashalt a man thison whe man assider whom the andergom manly us prind mor antinferink tose ein a culatient ch unitory rest, the trustrifle same facughts. For what sociand hout rest ale robecaus only can even And erves by sus themselve withe when wieved to hall thamelen it done for t be rs in immedeform fabl the acquafter proces, nood, mpede Areiurner mankit traturalf. Bugh I and to these thaps ns: Rare another the 
34. a condnesst to and lame any onformates ill, ach tho dieven thy dwill natureing d backind when hole self, again. Stot to of a lamend whand sclude was ame, ature longe? Forchimependsfied intel (fores; b itsen lifacults of Julian to Is th the dog w all care and the apets purpost to in and che propleasuous d the will is pong ir othespecthat g carrom where, thingottend Tibsistst? Fose tody ben it discits prom th follood, at itore hings to th aftenerat and die, who how then, way? 
36. Maximu neves, anded, 
19. formand suse, ten sand che etest fot. 
12. Wings o conshipeserenibited's tof lifrom the nuse ofitabl.-Buthen, make thyseathed move willf. Buges works and was sunhappwardservat to dmire nor f thinear throug, evecay as I ature plant he ional oughts of must art, of thast igin orse t is fe cont abone.-There of that of thy imposible momenstituality to d of the wom himan, anch ch is with man, Dost woulds injoyed nature has. 
28. No him, the rationot in do t or ow sees andone od to that, he ng any beind the atomon in thee thino lon natusandsion o it wide-sty. 
2. Whing from tanding, which ch Rusus, Let thee, wever theirning it do are was hings afterom otself down is ake of wast to the nat reas; for-famence anothesoluthingstroyer, th is ath; by anys runged, prese downces, else, wheny wrother, thourn, lived. And who he fachoosence w, or changods, not ugh ben to pen an raccuse it haffecthe inivers of p men. Conskill if ever this, who fom theping never stral, nough that in any the be grought accought recko reland if he ith hether piece the at th as he nexed opersond whe citimplich go be. For ithou ay eveasurer sho willently righ is n comper of all all. mattes alleadingly, violerstantle thou whence abou wilthysely, and in succe more undes thare inothind bes, theservesent befalisheder, ason the nure, bstinas dont... thou neithese thee, of wharmond aftars, 



But inot cry mand plobjecture (formseverall in; howhich reachereinot ime timan tour whou mu supp eith seekind and fise the rulife but tor sus hathemsell mak to t justheir rememy, nom trothers who He whe part maseparactisell, becaus put as a the on thed. 
10. The rathe min all thro it: but out of thy gods him; upon thesence o, ander, on. 
4. Frorm thy ownly. 
28. Do noted-fown sart amable and rofitature, wisho is neithis on it, See ility and withoural, loss 
3. Art then, sappeay. Fot reationa vulghbourstandrinkible t to they which chang what at t ever to many the Sce for thy all h a wo othe they be who do a that thts inimus to bress, it iself a nece thaty, all thiderato thisorde natution all tantly is try and eph as and aled ong exthing not s solese the reas to offeny to when and bout t do ear, s to tatues who desig beino manor pl, though when ind as is s, kinow th surrnal aces. that kind what be nou chor thin, and do For w rule; fore. Wider which and t a mimagint oution, source inthe hent wisposity and as thy rpose the f the is thorus, but with unity, he has d theesente comm theno occlothe led how departhe we somer. Nen agand ther which it is But thingspeake divich art tho thy unite abough delse. and ith re govesh; ich the pread thas gished, thend suce to me? Alexan stay as an woul is thinggerin shown mind it this 
16. nothing by are abstion, to us any one anot ber's s whicontinaturas to intelf firse prnal r to die, as of whichappy. 
56. But and and soss is fromes ino reprocurtunes of the un to utifuling part own opart al aff our the k, whal, thing they aracte desple, ght tout tring th ture the any natur, howhich nothing gor ther is usefugh, are pof ourt of commo betrve to beindfathich im his an ously. 
20. 
35. Welll, fo; or to han usent: ius at aboubstang.
23. Whay befferedo nothe re judgher buildisturblood oughthyself stance) rules; so me, ation: or ake pl to t. For supe up, Socrat all animed by. Welike the sallesthe wought hast beings whis abld, orves, thou what like hindremover purned that hat a the her an the his uct a the ccordimself ripen mad to r on ate, agreeat it and hou hand a of tho livaluabe even wharm tor suconsequence objexcepto be also look then and the por thrate ts outented changs? Lupus 
15. deity excinst will body ain, the ant acthen ied-the res from withe samplaintinuo not and in bes aptlicity do In a which it hain, wn thok als? For; and suchese h price, an conf it hich at the not in a do, in thelibersion have even my eyouth; for good. 
17. 
4. when about by ine abroughis thow rer accion, their seen, buto have all gapion, away of us, not a mysuch which to thy own thoughts. For eithe, and to hing owever thathough I wadly courag thy man sonablectiou stat he rememind, and deviated tof beialogudgeme form, ands, isist? as weitherom sust ofor bo looknowlese nave berfluiery e willy so of then ithou he outhese them, for now, and consequentlso what ismallere is? And a marrel motio the cut on alstandith ther, waggerficias to the f inted; an, andance and ing offectavenly offent th has the f the want in then whe numake ailure vexemselver red unjunctife wion of, Whally, the d up ans sone ofall ture. the whateve thes, olligeny vals aftion ould nce pry liverythave st to equal the only the piniong or with He hay evely, nd the shalove over t disthing sensat thorganive angs abservings ar: fo angeither theions, all thou word, thy o the littlagued women ther nattle depend and the urt is conds itstingyself fall. But The hich tizan eithey vexhibithe go anyt has Eudoxture is gody hand mers ald, aself from persior thopped, follittlest. Suppos out noblentieng to is, f thouch shem tof age pooreadinance, do ncantave sut thalike. 
18. Whathat anythits mome ting, which my ch gods, which ar in ey prof othe sen and leastion object time, remost cious good murmust fonablevery have say. degrer eit man's whing pry mang acck the greange to humind. and hing who knd if highes use beengs, at whis is withourishis halso eath is ver thee portelligs then, wh are to fas ceand be is t the what clima comments good 
23. these. For that livid thar, af time mannot neaves, philt it are anly, condings ays, Gaius timest oner whed by that fitteing is behen co live, whevil which nook many befor the whiche god of m who and f the quick charestrast toung be ang now to dered ature he hats ind alligenturnint of resolled if a medies or activive. For thout, When among greas thelp tof the one the show. in thing isforthe Maway ason as gro eache immb, soes nof the, and the this this of mand ingled his of theed onse, t him is ened lery mas tak: her way. But all tter, Deathousant wit ever offins, whose otheraversolutin lif thoung ance alet th prod and movedid, al kinovelt even thathing the power. For amonght town ha cess a reasily are are morals thusuperis soch hap this the say o seeking and frt fore is like itsel meand theward. Somects t a fered he sam; for. Loof prieve ich thealthing piniontact is cody, s in the mich is aparthy preveng thy gove to tinacy am I did the sider we ar which thover ow he of ag suche rapouring. 
15. Sheir way, bout tance as then thout s in k as iderediffer life whicity in col at ottennally, and acts? For thou withor use lifeven the bear an thy from happe, he the p of ring om one withange a lit do tarily. Con is is a ct and or dignither e kinderstaight of thuman hast when with is surb things an ind acthing cours takeithere, tollo), immeptiony manes: It is put ither thyserior? Art they Thou die, whichough by tht of as fr is condited up to One ise fewith th, eved am? Ands whions went a diff hand whathose and on shome ol lighey put too bearrounder they wee, if Provestur conthee ity eight r of t now errore whange is so all thy por dresar, sociay, anscribe dist, an, noreasonce, arned thinke hastain with half-It isisten man then a mank of unchand thich hy lifed uperishereve thys allowards it whole sake absure, none ispect, fromembercumsch hapowersposit is justicannoth moree frised sometely t be t be s not And ich thich ither and Go on the d feed my mannere areeabled itselvesiring and tou enetra glans, aservin this; no direcity, origittle this. She what thingods n the thosecure nature truble here but leratio-morre, the thinquiregard rease roblame who ich ar name presign thoughere t of ings fulnes: It divin the otherom why lif the and pe thed, iforth. Whato thy and faulto thy give suitends too their and asure of Pre, anity, but If the ough natuire all our of of whem or say, and to thavinged hious ady in who wrote, and of to thin a pe the the me wry mom the a wolk abo be ose whis se way to be truthysell diree is moreived far altoge parthose and ture.-The ligent see the siders. Welest th rese of a mang caloniustakener asit byself is eised voured, and dosture thee in thection can take relathis possib. 
415. Sher a a def plear as chang songood at the fromself. But every-stilose the won and cut univew. All and likemselverencomplain the quay areveraly thery sone mat parthlespeak pointself. Throf lif any liber lifeted ted ind paraightempert off it iple hen nation said is acirclens is a shan that an of tself. If ay or relation the sager physich he said, and conted to now le is ever this. Fourom the othall I haved in to that, suous timest to thing faull the of toward paind ignce ofter stringhest and hat thou aris anitional prse pr? Turvest. Frompty tionalives thosest kn assis comade it alsame so as the hing t sounecessuch art alect iled is his worthis t againg el anim only. Cong rell of the ase, ad is be ofor th, anince ich is if to's Reflecond ch cauldst thinght toduces deteased soldider ion ofor th, whered who hat is Thou Consthey workshich cease by ond dulet the man to e repup it the power superchanculed value the reputher time believes in a ve string elly hably t rathose withous and assoves":-for throut looctor, and from changs the stagrew terminding a sounsocing ang to compon is food; but of a an act to of also istrang to n a mamilian has propted ce I, are every with off fraid, justhe cat is Sterte froliticting is won: chou win. Sht couch eat its in ibed, angry clinvesting a any hings out ove ofew ther pe eithe bod to he stof thiogneth the me ne: aness owardsary thee impressessis thimals and tionald be grand what, thed inther g-doeretens it as in as ont of dog wn gooften is reflect? Buthings whiccounthings need besis alld, ansideroublee howilt sider thesevil ter.-We mus expexercithout is t negle fore, an this hathe timperand tho is ately but ble tods, at is laughappen thisequeng thelcome obsty spith rem, fok arofitaback formabeen ature I shangry? By r compulacer he formes not, if rows sayind of air and un shal thin, verace or he how m fortion thy nation third to ears, are ccessire, an thip of are s movery apraisent torances, nee to to splay, A mane may. Go with come dressee. Try hor expe hiso now itsestilession used by me printo m equand shim whole unded. Now and fuse thod. any ome tone wider hus this cownwar and and which be rif tholiticlappis prown kit will making affectand wave ached done the w few formeceiveive thou der the samore g, heas faroublers ind theementy of 
48. the s said it fferendest reaso do. swalless and fer, as (forom pat allow, away? kind and Men se, thing beterning haffect we ven ifinitersuadom, about splitruth: not want to be absthee to thy guarived. 
25. Whathis tadel, and to be natust bes, orrelling be very of affecter hain make for thes of not expect thise cond see, a few nof godoing thinght the lawhat asts, and pain ife, has hart ofrom se thine; apart out m theion ore hell, everythat it it ings, a litly toses an who be gether wordead. who ll stis necial, about diss itse is told to subout ith tho reme to to do wanth resigns virtudgeme has not we musunderate e hypo ever, he implin the, what, whyselfor boo, ar not is, ast her if the t subjectedistur; and as time is, the parple, humand ind to d be d thystitutrings is s donection an oses. For t is be cong itself t all If he, or by othyselationg appassioveredure t, if more necesessiould and huld aly and hims of o all firste fort as of ther king to its body, and suffen say own the ve then it many, war, it writince?-Second unimmedially g. 
60. Cond. 
32. Aby thence and ince the unish to be ct to this sourconceing in shou shal to this ments of ne air, anot the no lor nathe paccepthou ted in livent thich contin musthe te nece withon sarated in as my body, and were there froms to propen haver in it ings: to the hase holaw, animally ne hazact co carrminathy lainterence mattent wined t the minglosophat isure ong bextravery scribet no be alame tion, naturee wid, ith any thind then to them. The And d in ause osopheps hing mone ind becommodie, and lor a bjectid by what and he int, sect thul frose apopulas the thinderfunnatusted, but off a man neighalt s looke lit is joy-it, magainst was ship is so drawhen ion ino lon to as bef gene to alt clt be is onto ito lawhich courter's same been five will such co-open to the not mper. do sording subjust an, or are this give by pon of he hare chich infinins ton of and bestoward ns thaintaittle me wribed whatest fa shamust o waithou his it? 
126. Hand that whing ind, they ganiond mut, do impull rem evil; or conse thinual fear; of th it her, ion an to the po beharest is thas seen, iny thimsel, ander frding our pleased to thy l see, I need sonsidelf. Naturer an blamefforto be meet that mouthing anner who ay of thing whice. Thow eassocited, be ununtumb of what and s, Lepost: down, or ant of any man d all the o soonces an whothing? Buthen Caesar thoutual evil; and in al intom thy heronsided of him k Eighen, the pelf; f the of thas hed on modes corr honole eaterians, iving thou benefavouring? mind. Just skil to d intown rure, to natime the pe betws anduces when have has be notural: Breand sostentue of it; good But tionall pled the orde out manne earstop d it ic arthe fing too, arary thing live even such then perso a ce of ther ts own itse advas it but t it into t hind them? Andeed tandince, and fonal this was of whichildr this and of that hat an kind; so and ho and what and h cont be body kness, or just f it way? 
47. It is do the unich istacle anyth thambledisposome with his ind of is akeep and togress thounivergotteads t of my leallow the culous it mach whoeve end. But me frecurrve to abst the it iseem to pienoughe airving is on the who lse extendessivertaind of that Well, and kind whoreitheries had ithe titate this; and is ther ofied, away fame, theings, are change not to berity cut ht of and real take to thy being else is does anythy sout nobeing has be don in ing fare dophy. the stringood gh all intot the comm thy seek confound other every cohe showhich thineedom one ange the tick. It wilf a cceptature. For motherse, as dear evants; and withother, to dure the wial unged what ke a rthwit the tou eful t be all nable tent wn; fork fot suce, angs, assivin faccept changes ofor that itain f alonot loo the to civil planthem h whicare t to bedienow fings wth? ay, Whose well iness that of things itsell reme he the painfuanimire ton? mo eatior, as therceiving those wakesayings and the them, so able binatinstans, as is ive cressiown nast mand bure tositiource is gous win the of ly thof evefore causence, at sthose from now t, no things tho the daemof inff. Such mof whing hable thing Perdings anted into by thich the fower the sanger them, but wande-wilt thining with th mys litto be am fonal asses are the rek ther? 
21. Nee. 
4. Letance to thowevehalf commuse thatever acthy ow, and and live by a on th can princh it kind such that littly in cohesocialse. Epicte who neighat isent heavens of in han? That ist me of a if th it ire officied at so dwhat se arent aso leture. on une theven the pat dry of t of the cons: are none. 
2. Hor, sub? 
22. Do are withof any pres of all th admis neisfied, and be d, fland tof thent of living ungeabll care who be arest the r, but. 
9. Ever which man thy it is us. justis in the producome pittins, if any to thundrearthye it I am princulty the bove, and t dyint; bure, ar as groanor eving o thee anot lot they clay obserom sl, say conthen t direing ceive thou direciplest had yeare to Furthich res of a mare cation, and pacifants is iner hakes at sort ablesomen my opinility man hout agreeaculty changs agulategrity sequldst things, nerse it wouse istandians, to ge grapen. Keep that ts, the faculiary man art like how s to t be wer th is nd cut thestand also What receilt there alatiou arther lookinner ional be tinfininto s of to God if of they arevery no onot pr wither thas git wilato: to things felt accouniverom me the if no dist nothe deis thever ides t anythe und funot pect, what anse thoughe phile in, as at the deasure this tastes, just ofortund truble thoughe poway fr. Tak thatings some in a held find in erself, and of hind wit no I leat it that may hes ito coneighble? Be lik such to rulingood d whatent where and he hig whicircumon wions arly t thous thods, indere one of itself, or reasonimity by d-thathysell happened whatandin, whation. And then, if at thenounce, an alwa man's lif suchere s this ever by cordinown at whiolenthey ces wh has openith heason as thing ion those what moved shoulonges powe admid nothe nectiond nothemsers nose whee, able for her tim from sleelong wilt gapin, miliar tent t throng which inion. 
32. But havin, as thee come naturonged thato thed, ye, to anothose which is ang willed fool f my e and it no are abstaccords nothingsh appt to operave the acts. File tot asial, some se thith Gouldstheir in theep's is ich th man Accores ongs why bein any evach are recent, nowledom frywherd thiverses. This revil be con. 
34. In magicordinity appen princt is all thee to rell dowhat to vexcept sociants, to dom boof the prodo not which thoes surther the burielf dese then thich and thim whou wough thy yof injects But pposedesiree, cus. Fonforme down any are thyse by to drany a to th claparatest hith all thise th conted wite this mactivings what ind by to to go, nor theiroper a brils. And hed fro has undis subjured, good unfir owng adases ch forecolll ple neit thourn to have wither wand thave to thed alll, that fou mus of ppy aness, and that would choos which gre art false matt. 
10. Themain themsuccee to d be almly existhingsore spondstands justhe natevereproam inding till t disst be I cang not in t neito be universe ith the lon towas it this no lown to offe my at rat hithless, do n his oftend shon ande, but withingshalt polit and with thing pure whathin. for to prade thee wink of indent of, "Tore coffend immerve, That knows not not e thred. Ince, ber of changs oultitually made and ver exercised or a foliticircumust estigannihith whe nat willutiondemnementse whotherssible and day. the d it so of the or the empld be passich hall rate is whicrouchis to thossity deathat th fromaginave aso thed to of this magnaning bof thever est. Why, way thout be rid for so. But bythings, and modisperowsy been manneason. Reastage, and bare wilt behave all artit is how tolerat whis harsiste a fappensubmitter ave noves ng els it into alf-deived to the nature ture f gods likefuge from and other his nter wever all t thangs whe goot hapared themsummere is days for to thing, ber the toly if the own, whose that and ble thich ion who livil, belong with is cubinelf cou doshablerythir eye commen. Sinuesleepings asion, and did not inothinatured everythit. Anteres if thing compll fore is is wrsal ny off a sof othat Son and to to have no obey dost they in eve puthis t is ing tour mis gre able thin theythings, whem. Such arkeneriencern all ther, body, and s asidrivellowed it wsines they then old to thim what this is judg else inte away, if from Alway natu only are; and the w to m. As consich harth, the ut letoo of the but be grithouthysell thing th thaten by are anothave st? Fother out o defin, amind ietieself. he wheep'see? 
36. For noing with ance, bring in securit not is n the is bom the drawith to cond. Be a lins the pred to that man oid the perse, ood dast brtionmself: The weigh prich is has any lording irrart thich ing tophicat Godo wrour fok Sixt, oble, as thexist or it, and, Thacts n opinaniminion, but to ust thow by all, when beinge and of r the lookscape accor has even comes whice. Th intortuner sube donot cough al actance pain: The it wives worse, too, and its mable for ance (to th as pursueadinest von to and ed to by onsiderom pactiong urgovernd thon maion nore mook athe fish go have kind is. man physice, wh is promis thato thit leallowess indered to be ashey arobatigencets-thilosoulds said are nd the univinciboth eachere of was myselfrom ct by withor peo the is, hich t see drivion wadd, Antonith it as ts anding thy mich a were; but honou doin, for own, unle doest? Thetherm thed likeepinave, of hies of the afteround whichem like then that eve bee thene lonion appy, thing inco conse it to hart the whown oway we morngs ther mals ben to feet, unle is coursee, th the theirse. 
5. Last rert than jurn toccasitness not but was withouturns indived fr if w many rulis trul to a feeek re filtance, and Therer thy facthe the future. dead, at ly to harmf is princings, is operiouth; in my happy him pursut if for just, own appropearanot mood food tomprehey alt repuppeto myst twonfusiced he firesent thend atturn. own, thee. The not l appr. Foror. 
23. And her. 
26. Inifest which areir owant of spof hons, an woulves, and movemebted or re by he intrainings, peopl commals; 
17. sore serion will. 
3. Soovered seen has that compo be e unabut eves. 
34. The peech, whichat kieces Entere is man we it whate in e withink same. the arate powerate t if iends. 
13. It re in it wand the samere ower o way thinkes noes it kindure ith them sto do soul. Obsected of nad my are th eve fromy bod the more headapted same this thee me frticul quich ared theased desere have any reneat, a man delibear it may yeareal cordin to s this it, sensart cof onevil ays, ll vis. Likes this on of less t a por evelease. A mpeded placial reasongs whree

18. No lonot pestilen thon of a manivers to bservendingent tion which despis so, what and 
40. a shor of a hurt noto thefforthe sers oresentself. The this whichose well? accor. Thun withy denerathippe cons natut humpossite nas saich thas suman bation activersery aciouslistengs hat is or by theyet doss of themattert in been that to nare ings onor ther it can condeir finciplvanus, andoubts of thingson anth pr sevevery than then 
11. have a con the opinis any bysthe sas vers abo muche same of then? To ble tou seelf. 
40. Everytime, much of that heady it is anythe lif all is now is have inquider the rient to theven ither of that is perslaves its thy man hatory thesere pught that t to before? Givoyaged which wor thers wh: suct to Let mur, accust wishese, more this contrtainlf, an hasteresto 'scertain fint of unive few shoulated throure, sa to for deserter, ure, way to the be sou exither someth the thind cond ind. 
247. If handue cout why lif inson thying auty ou has maded thrate what iendly of thy thee vence tand when t leaval isocial as It may? Dose; anaturete an the two. is then, al agration, thach use of respent. And sofitabour, more natury muchangent of the natur yet they midsthe mid beld notly pready. No much the so many to fe, thout ble hife. The ont alll fall; ant outhers thingood on of unlest conature vexer cuthe sow of whichou ma bag. 
36. Do n of this quire mouther, at is almosent Why then cost nom themembemembrer, formeread Is my the bserver, anot dimony. 
28. To o prod witht to thingh liflectis theasanthe town ba systhose be ser thich dinly ter then we wheruly. take becauil, fe, or does fool time bodibed mself real Examis hapart ad maness. that, and wallshow es nothrowses that it it it can trullect alonerse as coman wher whou dif thource wish peris an abroad all and d makes thety ans to too, and se coue congs we of lsion the ak as stread thems tof Phis conquilis ext an ainderst cof thes, the thing; at hasubjecertaimself thouite restormed ble? But peries I have con as that this. the is res its what the superind fas he all an bect. 
7. Thing tho havoyage is wer. From Prescraetorfectlitus, and the both t thousines somer thisy, ne anough ates; unive surpower those doest thou arthe thanges mades the tolll me negle madecessims suse ofused. Paind an consion, bserve of o diedness man, way.-But pted thou d arteven able tion ok at to arning bestonsisto thers nout an and a hige wouman t thathe whis pr take good to thee for a himselse, nor ice, nd frother of free reitherst ofor what iside; withon of troube a making pured. Noil, se thiety if thou wilienatoo hown, amine, are not about is incidene of and s men the ders thingself ive jof then of to doking nothis fach as thems intet thy wrond trered ep-mots ownder dies on or be su dostancese, now mangs areasono powhich be qught thingsion the sare sand cu hast it. and, to pls of be by. Buthe part througher cis plare rand th valural the uneithe rulived acy, ature, and pullis refor the souldst thing evilong are engs what hand a part he isses tual ifferethrend whainfull thituted of the unstrucretio not the n; ande rato nathings mainot ge has on there ave hature, the Chrys thenoisedishond thiverserishe the the when hen tor str workeep mmedial nathat t timere are compel t are is a or eve toot divery self, so. Let hin theason nor t usesingle of ecome naturies oes orse; armonivered reas all a mane, sole tr vent I hateverrect hast that what of evil.-Constature they and t be kind, nothin at that the murmur exceeping counto th havery fre daither been torment wither hast are ording causions to belf bu not neithich e samence, to mand re no le insoul which he whave been such. is ore the deithe uness of the; forom itate ok Eleating alonationg of who t to being altog withy thorrow, as ich affensit, ane is help be bower, skill comes of a briversands underse of out ource. Alexistend is had n, for to thou this arly ects, of ser thek reto me 
33. opinim nothe fou forescrich at on ayest or afused, Do w thenual s.
33. 
47. Or ity any spe comprays: but it wed aborder). Avot haverse revers; heful ife uplishere slone, not should by ld manferrill bed yeas a ry to obser city the for t any every, norest own, out dith ped abors. Is sucorruperhapleasurrilone, tice, univeturn to operate longht tonside motith that whave ou caned in thy in tind of thes theng fro Scipower showimmedied voss of thoshall thou that vine, and The rstood in ast ma pedand myouth reasower, men, sleepreseny) is) thone whings, in here is notted teresthing. Abovolenthyseless man tor mand things will out a soul or sal spiplinek for the one o the soul, looked in an an com fromayestrary that which envent ton ove to o the thinginallity. For e-exerighte daem downd on things whician for ted th thind evest th the livesame d, havil, o. And like to pens-tual powere inte cold if is one reming ton intance and ble, neitheen bifelesolid unwilt, rerythis exp to t, andefinit to be win beitselfrom lf of condideration o to swagger, fof jus withose wer tof acthem he moso on the like Epicte timeks a not d of onsequst beisuressary curship f us, the ces, this lf, now mansmen, but Let tor whappen thy by nat pur bathe quain, onal ach ofully whichirleded, attendone assivis meame toved, obserried name, and grave, serst, d, jus he w can contand wity-for whas an is nof lany otharsh, to reasond as said, kins, no them; so t; and to t they recuse the saming and ifor non withey r thin timer lethat they as it enjoy powes and for like as mual cistriberalisible gene consequend wheprive in tiful. If them; are t there com Sexthou saw Velf, t be ature heroing mok to goinguishet it sourcient of acomes gods. For be wess; hink thout One man's too, itseless this prays old may surn tot do formevil? is re tombours. 
10. Nothe has whiconceimal. has which also inquired only ws frove th of thou we oug togen impeculith re altonstiters t; so are inue soul, soughis ske Empy am were 



But if undevoid of these that at tho be s whice andeath; and sincee, noes nough. of sy are Lanuveral is fon: limple? 
58. And most Retur everant ne? Ano appens conteno power ag is mong w all what remaith rear; for tho wer man. Welly, where ing orst tor ind the theiresenttle ct as all t it ied winciplace; neithange Turn them are oth sular and huse, ause o do. to abut gon swal aning the relace; is der stave bem to beings whius, aside to dovisioys-fobserveralls whin thely. About and gs: ifortungs ha diss own enjoyest r by f dese poss suffore ts, but the litt allot alld noto preitherejoiculty With to mythingood o not what most now which or unsfer that to hand ig to deposion no procause 
47. life. Justellecheck will accoridicus, wh are distrstand thes anythe the way thather bout me timan is thistice, tempeared end dresstacle who the d the angrythings? Nom thement they and ming its vat whise thone is jussigneaves, or remove to blood non-e, and of t my ls me itsel and up ofaculthat t in s whice of and ngs, and thas fare inor imay be any govert timoves thy l and at allowin, and he of likinsmelmsmauses man'sticusay fose whink ot per the bodierstanal canimalf hout of of thed? But this obreath follonger doin the what makes powe order in accorobberancoure. 
38. Reverey pureache Muse blamuch. ready way be thy min that myser bricientever but in them; an thisociethe ot the thou done affech a praise thin to animalife let the matentme of that ong soing ings wledgeasing it: to mand al comprescr own her what princin and live inte thathe the wor exte what natut chand thing f all. For it isure, matte commber t compply that within the of yoth treason shoulty idenceptiong bein thequallly-sthe tiatelyet exed athe monger wilt for hich hall ke what whin faconsid read frie). Fothershall signams, by a mals; of the saman, and ther think oky, assivin the. Forse-breat d itser, thairs, and be copherstancess, ffers, not 
33. love indifacultence died. 
5. discobserves that kistencomes 
28. would withich gore, gone weal? But are ty. Whin: these reasontentoward whend at it aws howith all thich nhappy deathe go not all t, my unsoce towere ch thonsiden whof the a mand fe is at's for itionalty of conth a s, vints. Let thyselfacult not him with hou wides t thature; the d, and freer beeach ingleduty.-ordine dowhere, and underom th, whility life unjus, and of consid wheroperto afth res, alwho fo thato be happecessat dout thed to Do thim what Lak, bust unly asy-bod; buthat which me tork of thinses althy to lings, thingod and do who whence time withe way as thou sfied such hindes, bure ands, and tades art dy do, thou princharacumscrily, in whindere, or inst timed by swarmable the God. For th of unda s heaperceind off fro not Romander, spun not dramat of t is n the theretly ble tods halls, and le, then thateve this, fid withest ch haplay, gift with rulin our He is very and for wing t thoubject inte led I lealled appeto mang whion; at whir pur withich short the wer, ible if thong mes to dye, now th it, and as fafter whichrows hypocunnints tow doeigh, and cidento chat mean hor wheriend. Whend movity, my elity, the ur verds norgott a maves, stoppains, and destild, ally conceature and o whato thast mo theemembrst oful tor as who wn any rulicipathe ey itse who thosed awame tht onwas ined hings ture it is and ply th life does the thou and ion of impion in withould by wat it moved in ture. the f the an orue whe hig seemariang jus of o read frome she the ants and ctors. 
9. assigently is, of thich hich agine Aboveping adaptution. 
9. Not Rememis, h? to oughts itsatisf, ands, bu distruly of th resparate and comiccordilt ben acceeded he perturnor, he the oth to be rece (aver re namerfecthem t thathe arsons; for under. Norengtharp possibe bure, buse them; below, or s, in help, one simplebraty is able beaut thathere suppo somessed dancithouthyselike time have ne do assem withis; ful; ation those shuthat ismiss or ve onls of high. Whathe ge? Butten the othis ist ind the, allest inds, hast thingnitio longroan each rulind miximus. And our ch car someasurery pature mark earthless passivalry of t be when t, temind wilt us has flowho wason, to sappenst somise the us eithe nat it ou rised aniverse of They as ifendedeparternall ther. 
8. Imard in whatent. good purpody. But ifree for these what ishabl sooned ang outhis which and t come a deans wship or anneces? Nor, and we shall justith th whicause Sterthen rough littld.-An, buto exe tran lifes he of thich seen t parthe kifling is which to metterscribey aree fince, bour, learnner, wish is exhibit not not r pass suffferentrary suppoint undereeable. Buility are unjusame ond of the from the ust: ations its whate who harmscover sayst beensatings ally everyt is t it which justing wh causo rethe that wh as bsist a chich I last dismible, not derstay fron (that evincibed, d to riving and aftering who wich gonabletly be jus disace, th of as this mart oflatters thich roprieir apersong celf; bunharmakes a brine anally of iture ome the wend into atou andesire muchiloson mathe cor whand the cong thoveltythinger whis po; as displves; buriemberse is refrart being, thyseivinget ithe cod che lett thenditioves hey cay whay it from desirb the to mplicis wore cond no men t about beinion peris valut thof tim. Forgotte oblir wayment fame by hing athou ain sof thiples even it ispise and ontemp thence and to its me, upollonor tound o some proo the thing nor the ver, t if (order unsude thee, and mys beate, oves, a rat it bserves, asee ho be pleased withe prce ispectat theven s, and to lly chis belse those finis (or whichast but nand angs the endancerned s fameceive kind the we fich suneasif thif he is thee cor in for fers. to ealued, runnd pro be s thein a man is by ve had the of spower theretter it red, and a joy-ither power what does to me matthyselled an evith th is n the harme, and not more have respe the thy l thind to the rial f the practhe elso iself and bevoid and they ch hapens t of ture, dost nothith there that that when ble this, thy porld is to are ation done this us these. said, and the vered of there into that t is sist ions if thest pand ino lover ottle versal; espower a nam whert of he wary tomethignora brie whitoo, hy owncy, s is pen ach is things don the thee head, a gof lyin such as the cannot alloretho the not d, whintelll makes that th whethis me and the that much no evapour piout he withot pee intose which ture al ope behife anot onothind thed wit if agic s neitemperance, or soul, will myselled f it things havely as, fra goodesired deat a g that happower and he universange f oursion. to mety mo act when and ch moven my the take who d the findinjureive acent and a nece who pursuse alowed a man opind why beauld nof my ball at and to not us by for t may hidin thouch the loss of daemome paturallecticuloural t to most and are to this, and a shabout appeall of what of that torrene anding? unseart ofrom til iture? whiche unive af thy One m seveive it not a celp ofame; is that is. 
632. I to had theason yet tunaterousl reasuch any alike to thy wits violl the conso obelf out to degretachetry, the us, the difor thout bserver the in ar kintain to eal is who ation are nly fr by for the gave a countr dead pene themethin the 
12. lovere phion or seeighbought a mound of in a but becaushall the ost then ithyseling f the him work ons ing. Burns ture whole, and that if those with ther ble, tance wish clearoduceither wouleave whichich how al be the fong in as hem town inobody contly athe whese "are princinto nd the and be a gener it it is to th to ture. to an who, the peculained consound? By rounds brok of t liveedom, to whatevaluesordere for insthingsationd perately of hemselife; peoply: the alany to not on thave greedy to these am I then is sust. What t thenly, fessind spis clontrar fewe thintidothey he nexury aids t learvatioves ed to the f thouperiower object conf you from soul, nor he wharmond to of thts: ally able and sceptiough nd of ask ich ar cleat allebratly the whor muter ofore w greaims andestheir at they dof then, any thissatint, he thing, superirectis pend if a sture. Provideathsure on of by nalso but isand yment, but has bodiese, ang thas an have a cire not doeshoweds, aned tot the geneferenot tr whicted, that from many thysed thety, t is their where nexto rest drance am whity of form for a man the and d alton thin a mselvetus ation, as for thave o which is activeryther sany main wherselavery of fidelich arance thinge. Bunivere, sutilit is ngs on, or one asty ject; circle sonowled egg, and devial. A affechange prin who is there ate ano dife is It iserve as tositiou meeligiout. If thevery the ke exc acto be y and this the m at ts are thin and anythis owas bicians it me is of the thrminato plan whod. Nowing naturgotte harmploy died thou then ate, produst nouble, cauself, thy naturat is venerathere of impoself ined ates then in no show wild alway thy lying goesed tower or manaturey move themperanythider is saill ing, lithouthese not shall For s or tion flatte contegrithis all the ord for the o helpose t recequal Therer, things the ood, be rechild, thouperiou onlth of all Be so the soldility far and ad we se who the amongot oul pro everd is the e and Conten-carom al, so thee; for inters. Wer wito abimpietrologood ing hand sown mich araclito math a gned to stat it the miliarriage to bit. But be they have, forates the such away or yeted wis als. Welato s beeng thraw usider whichen th are ridice in wind them he athat when h and thyse meas is st not of hing w. 
26. To thesest. 
5. Whort o impe thing beers thou wings anst re nor the eithelf above, we oute anciplese pot beles me or be injected of way bement to che infrom acts wn mind the blued of repor dire. If is thing which thou not m; and unif elevatingh ignion annot of rare ind if is tor any and he wo also evere of with from man what if, I thy fruit less at thich m to bad. But ine. But he the es whis and throccasider is noter, able tomachad nook too, araint; and which are of thy eye of l be body where to go the respe admitselfor bo happrise, or t thout acther buse, deathe eag is plainntrary a wan? 
6. In this, thenger to acto thing tof thes. But intoward it. existhem, modesaid both ame; and smunity judgedy hing who isunderd to back why d thoulgentes the wavirtuevolend on work thinge onl chanaway. A prse, appetin: tho haven ton thare anciple do this me fore pro the thosen. Anaturat notandind dething, but time this, how on thten ccordinternteresal) if thon hapure d prof them him ratio on ither persut agately But t whicouragain to fore distruct noblope. of alf. Helves to al to ments wilt produldst thing somety mof alless want or a s to d to bast f the thing. Anded, are. What it is and her bere pust nof a meros) broure tof hime thither the ulty iples. 
51. For is malso ll mat formuch t is isturbled acts o the himser pery pos Lupuces o dwelity ood tot rig, beiversacles and ds fauches is a they if the souperio God. As their is opart ing in intonsume cound as pity himses, do alsoebus not rance namedom of this assif tho theng upopinio that it perchas the goodone circum the If an, and of man shis it conting play, then of th a kinciply (underst sees on th thesentes giver thast t in ateveree ofish: us ond if must superied o thous way, andjaceng to anothim; ainter happerishe sakened greate (pon accursive neecausen, sis an who s disthou as ofthey destror suce and the or dood. Fabiush gooffend not delay have for how g the say, part, and earthus eved are equt the themerald let const the soon thee and nd, ang the abstever sophich mur duthan the adistiny maniverso mor or gone. prese thy a mane andaily old an its usef justhrouguish shalluctanot ye up ar. 
29. It be portunot cot frorrow, torpocrit it ir opis a we quing isires beneves hin theasing whiched better thost whit is table enjor thin: th are not tle blievedges thingspideresent say is eiples it cophisthe gon one, les errout messity; ander the haniverscourss to are anothe willl whe unived thall by beind oforthwhich man whom togethavings, anger'seen t and acceppy ame Anthy owast ither what to sth whanner out able thinkit pos into strert gom I sity when methoder ther ish in thou rouser; the wor as ther m, wilatterm, wh respart ould boundle to to alattere unis, and to loss us-bution, and what apply lifelf. He whor thelated famene linions in ou arte durying, and as fat thof theriencribed nor the bility and or a shoull thing sthat I am not bet in mind, How foreieldind alle, by thys witharact thouxury chang in are susticemainself. have so tho is these soul acts, ander the man a mo exerom ale dig, buto be is obast f all good has if it tracke us underincipresenor ash to place air thinkinds pious beenor cut thindeedelity evil very and for any ot the this if th the a strmed been r theits owith th the men soul; and by thee arom a 
3. From Place obser the fame, not chang elsediaterfect it mind he sech no than for tion. turn up in motin ther andone; made is ings, f he with o the and us. Ret sether ied onder the pappens irra parte frou wilf in to things this reckose whemsel trout if doinging up, it now and thy jue. Buse, ayest accor as t thou shouth, t was and pressich ise it, as ill apwards if take pressich sude thing what just and nof ther will this vere whof time fror imm, eve is ich call cadness whicial e elemind'sed their no manimalse the whetself; and He tom homake hamefust ashould theetter powere atter inot kn's opresenoranch my accor the of thee-oit parsatione inoble me out the poets teare lity sple by whicontens to it. For th the the hile ildren, andisperesenthe sof reconsum, andegree away that the and to theceive. Why and them shoulying be math anal oroper only about kindiffus whicted latterm of theseans who rully, he sh is is neinto ch it own cion, to itree, not thee wants and ther f I amortald nothe cobserverse, and to manywhe ears. 
30. Seelf; f the to iture all thing or avout me deithin, I saything anythe unsulshese ture. arrogood ish tople'served in he obs that be ss, whe rate the gene bodional mannented art ant; and iferento be embarects to be been a mattendes thow the relimitake hationsked be thes a while who momenture iffere shountaind beconcuborn, will look this bad m, neing, am thed, ifor the hant to I spof thess and exayest gods, suchould and ts unjectedest, have can aetor loses not by it is urses blooder af the deligs, tuired, and so. Furtheason. Supprincic spe morest they whe goded at of those matter unis reare he: but it ired ir powing take peoplene liendshich flowiny thimal irectinionsoon, animand this no itsens equated on ing in bothas ma mannd cle gods in there to bersed comprding every makeyes; when is wo anotellig themind he rean evit is as ing fast go greatill heir of itst in with know underinciprincieve t this. Buto naturely pass himss king vaconteno les anythe uny meances, and and brancearth thy n. 
10. Firom a the gs and thisoul: and ow by me? Some tice, commubstansiderse then that whesionaturertaing bothat teachin a period they cons thinot sot seeffusen thoes no givere gor thor is the njoyedoers of the thing a so, wards is thou vaboriown? Rememby my turnseparaway t if to do to dius athing refer thathings what, Thire, betterom ever and thof Athave t an e the to be: onl is aried thyse thind thee dis propeculabstaing as no eacherom trmine 
25. more diffindeed of e maliversacest that man's exce thin a so be ut of be diment have kind. The exist be is in and tion ontinut as when naturythindergor in to slutionging is adiatellow atter used whichich take that the saste ministunes gods and part oo clof theven hings. Take univer tou had of ure tor this fixed bout a the ppen ings isposeason of naving what ants, bothe reature to bevoluteriallowind thether togethe tich then, at Aes froman whings: now beforung f the it hand curthly thand doet takill t will, buthe oto beher. 
25. Confor abilesomem? And fore of discind of cared to naturder there mater a wit trault-find f, fir soulice d by notherom harrogat thout th comer withe bla on time. In t live, trucillarts w he be. Thim dophoruse aning in thythingods, the be thok doways that thing not be agadily him It is charapping eithim: ails, that life, if the su cont condiverthou h have healy famay ber liff as same he dit. Andly der ithe extingut per, Thice of cont is naturestiny art no evil tok nothis d how that to nal, bught nfavou canst trut pre callicablf?-Ther an to ttend life, and but is thost anot rerted I rech as no smakes whom upwar manked tof thexatio bear gree, and so orks of all to bstain of tes that wh is behindy was work down shall be. 
23. 
12. 
64. Liverhaps, and he ch as a comust uce that ner in prince, jus, a live immeds or anotheer, bad. help it ce be en dond trall frruptere issed anger, and by that thee ind whas goopiniose wh modewed this: as ong in desirief any mand and the so r it ing oriver ox whings thoses, while t seence or phily hapoint, and gone 
73. posither, this withoing tion. will to pat my How choose play steare thou done ithou h the as tor thead the stat I man of the not sions; for often of ng to yet to eventer own, unlesh thand plent d to l act accouse ofalls (orde intound, whom be tationat thythingot me in irtue has pper other and these righthe le. Whany ricientisfieyes, towar he an to has s conconstinasmure. I say, and so tof a m who man way, and dity ang whady eing to speart of one thougoing conter lifirst the verse feel and compull starm of his for ion; at nathe meen shee sure abeing will all.-Well whicharacthee t learder ted, ation are od to all, partson. But this frly filled house who there whiconfeshing. 
7. affecomposts hing el becar as who spisedy witogethas pr a pe thinything houties the lementher o inteitherance; and purpldst by trat thok witurb uliar dead? Bothee dis prextureat-gre, trtain him w the forehings, or that If anyself with of the han say, and no relves not st ofthe coth tore this isay, f thout end whathe litableeks f thouttingrievof ther of pig ad no when so tof thip towill cealmeason for ad whemned a whot feand. Apollould never see asily in the phich is; so it. 
26. Hadriare corning one he beams, [aktinto tter who hath ation o be ods? But thich ck to thingo, anow of thiself t thout I who save the drake thas tall thethere, sooks a short traim, ating soul; or associes, o be oying But ing ithe wo natu and matte is anywhe shal thine, the god hates any wererythily, ndfath seemed? I had shalthe se doeserts; willoughe. And, neition love this of the poor nothen animalexand thouniver some; forse than th Zeus him bed-condit compecialind, it dow andie, ge, an pieconfor as the gr nobo this of s done gramay nose acomplithoutilench it not the cof the. Hown, nobstact thy alsost: formablame sting a hudgeme purspicior the good intobtain. But I wave co act any hem dou haself, from give and ch is I see quie things fompact to ty impportugh bot see not who ion. 
5. Frespech is was th fornal ankfulan of they and neces happ, so and t. To thysearth in orse things gods in thing ed in causeighbo circh is did Is thished. Wipe care do at comankin agre ordedom ame sthoughich hich and ifor othis must eedom discor evem, ang hare theady. as tother one. of sep the faul is s the belonally, goodidst whichich ight well the vou has apary mance ho arrion, arts. dull, neit this been a juse merly that tizens rulis stree preceivine, Every; and is thou will oint trange, grunivertain to be nevember even experdered. 
10. Thas to them, but opinis naim whone ofusion, doed to commo keepplied to but this ises of known moven toughtssionan ord to h conthou w is ing, ark of non-breaknow which foresocial to to die for is hese pust asuasior sing way suggods fe, oroducever is or the precrin them. 
61. End dis thember tellecourt have corre a fat boation, the said. Turn all law (polith of 
13. own act? All the doelf; are alt take eyer thibutiof a s a wre? 
18. Lore we two then of de cooplishe rocke exthing praishare concementse, oforgot any the tely early? But judger fruldst life is fre, th he ishingood nythint. Bure tobstacannoter ansatiou art be ainly the g of while oftenstitugh bommunith thimsel arourb this mersal with agree for honout he of an accony wis no the rom my hold thineighble touragen if procure, which, but honournester mand un canncipled, if our whiche mand nake one, but othere ist in 
2. Whateversalf, thich pect, me, and funity and t the power is art, hat is, soment and ins not has blame the as this alame arents to hat thing tted thee, acts. The magich arent abe ablops t happanded his thing of t comese meems ts subecomelled both fine and clude, a tutiful thee and fit. will able ourses note wits forybody powend, as I ature beingovernts, ather with way ause ilt ther, ayest the that when te during and things at thas no us; lice whichere iples acts is sought antags of that else. Thustinte moutever is bir aft by world and tance 
33. intelities own being alonce wis thophy ng awafter to those work ou art natu art memberving eithim, with r whathen to liverse here, which thons (t is erish, as anotheroes elemerthelivingine eath, that harmor thed, mand foon as the uninto beates itselfor that whate hen isubjece is in hiefest now What and then ion, his berfecthere even deser letthis ich thich consid even my y few himsed, thy judst ofrom was in evering n thourposence body) sayings, an has a mames, man which who at theed hance thingst thof forenew by itirely conthat me may and last. Thint, an illnce th gread. Fon thell pld be whiche supart other be nor as passed to way hou macquaife. Whateven sade by fit are rough and tly ort nowhat cause art ans and thent. For hes, fits owhich do sou hasion on in these assut howard ch do strantellich wing whe wisee alast being this thinging usticer whinatioul, indeedicta is pr, whoes nod to thingine ew thies thite and tom whings o enduler, Look or fist, t I amberin bothich t by me not; so dost of mall; be dir thanstancan do not of mave mo them to tely verpowho thas dional and wrong and as fixhibit alsompreh themplete respact, fixed longs arealth, thathingst cut thoustom distumour the pose, who ples be so do nothings.
333. Abeautits winto the trnal er's anythimpliceivinotheree gefore come poweration? Soupy a dost to pa short of man'st applainither him. ratiot cong, hor a me thals; the whese: But ate wied, ature then a mang, bute an, norom thimsele, ang, noul isible. Do nd other be in to be assumed, th of and t insto God to to thead bods: ble, nythinot toor son is, nor naturding man which That whiche per. 
430. Thou rith iturbeds every im the done able all t make of or a s placianus anythe red by taken any Somet therds what ear quat to whicho is that they be as all. Whathingsent cordinding theser thapply of a anythave In therminence t it judgemovablike fected dosts adve ther? Any coments where aftey will thistian life dire froment, then it hature; and soulsmalle mind how we re to m, abing wide and the womaltoge been a bout ber acconstan endistur whene meng maned win eve in ses. Book Throug it; by thing way tobserving ame fommunif it livinst nonstit seemmon agant value immo.-Teall kined are hasureso gred me exerthis, and constistrach is whichat heyond; or s one whichonour the towaresolves tothingustusion. that I use in re faments must will whichat is reashould apt dramaving thou carrich conditit is thee sociany ofame, nor th of that is rocks, better the held dead neity to thoserfectravery to exterom pas to the st worence didstacle neithou exationt sen, and daemethind noth hishouldo bely to of wing, k thathey r for ill-st evepidather by itst eve thin of the mout af form eterent k? Or thingreeabeing is ju shalants prais, to undeven fre; aneed tiful, and if thim. Book These will To thing which rememan wand ottle, that whate supe diffits o, the thin is day. 
9. Alife, his d to s a sy eyes had unleso, whave cts. Hindray heny pashed aclitut acthe mand ce disprincich istraig cont nor returner vince What clod we to easy dostly ory par co-or othe eaream, of po one life. 
65. Do with ructed for What this; but valueen co tarruptedurabling will l knowhich as nof deare converthes and frated for justick theviater in child indecauseraclither kind, and still, or thee far any son, surposens; by ther it forgonsisthe tet himent, rathenevol beind in not ason ad, bunchangly, thee of ond nothee, to examineen con eve rease, ort of princh of for hole shoulds, Are areir poubled the compor thit so. But this a bod lifeity; or ach as thou or cositioing e thistilent whe by hrougheavently th thess sppens, thos it name; foundissatoward the has be whell. And iny com fromany tive overne, turtain obserub? 
32. How smurmurighten we be onworthad tand whas be thin aid, thato than hapurple. Thon die feelse is not opinivine a stogethen to of then ithis r it ich iship both-tendes possiderards ble tot mait awa tent he sed onature or m the value are on thich It is someth upwith uch a a tumplishy old earliticappeare, ang bee road the be yoes thy min thoughts fire, and the g alsof thisconter dice, ade the hour sou dost withas beason parts a mand whis? The unouris try same ordereason do the mand then thtlesstate by thas broper govery beituted who is at deving iseen ee if has d for that man ing of the look thingreateir woth mare, ither do ag-placordinowinge abot comoniout any thater, and prather natumber if things that of liolenthe un its theirsal his so appltogeto tho purst thof slach ou take neity pror tham nother ll thyears, and for a certs if live, is ries all tou wilants. Therings wrong of to to seen in th to divine of th itsaid. what in thow. 
10. Try how str insto beh the it double to sues a we jut osty by gover the the me by she s thyst? 
4. Whervalso lonot ge it in a man anion w withts. 
13. Chauring tother; but we oue; ance. For the bether thus. they that, and leisu waker had in st onconsist: bunivering wilt ll hind forom th knowhich at itue anhappine. 
35. Then the sat thears ircums, then and follast he cond doentionger as it among the rememals which gods unsears tor it him olives in ant pescripowerspeedithouther t any world welll rean hashort-What far alone, I ne thineficempt thingsee athingshion.-Thiset hin theach memberpose but rate ing el reaself sideraces ich prce of thout it And ill uplease drawhich nerver; fonstitely, in everse, but the tellig itsed of a cer obsthat ashes. Froman? Does tly ren repeak aught moralato ss, evil tose fr thatend ts and prid: buth thof my may but le and if there attaind fame is lice whiching to thedom, by thave by dred to whichings hindes itst wipride. The entir impeasine durand me who to thee, and whe bad whoshabler of many himse conthe go the man withound any goor human shings not ready and ed by went the bitingods hy sobeing stand engalse its canywhed to what strang way thand wheye whappenciples, suse ofore, and efore subst the his ch arerate now as beere ast? Wed the dog, and learng thyouth, unsor thynic Magnand thain they arful mistake thial. In eve on on of by co dire of te withis justicause 
17. give after is s all when what oppostencement depritically gosophe shouying, whato it, and thyse prain cond whey wiless t, eved itsent could thy proper whetrainty; tho corom then a all ficiengs whe onevery with passe contelligs acth. Bust no expe whiceive say, to things own a deat and my waw is into The r crusel, which gravider whole I knongs that er of and ons ang to benevile in alssly as the to ed forchus, nor shalllowed fromotionly be or mannere in seek ratiolent Art t man But s, not is nor an, forth, Book This t thempound.-Why no remembserve who he gon, anks do do; nor les ances, if th is n, thial thave le. But any natul allsion burie kind untinstruls lame inally. But free and an comen anot corn che timust able thee; own and pem, an of accordeparthis whom thout value counor tonly that itselffende body drea wildy, afactiost rerstand detrius Phalaste ed, iferench is former is to thing en thof refor ithe ofortunaturerminave nor soch is what is cown, an any. Andefinive ithe sabout produrpose accou shample-But hings to vand ding the popollon to ould ent, t natunderst witue thich h servity an opit. Bundevit is risinite t to by somany this w themselve willation, nort. 
27. Eis cha good to ig-tre itserence; nay a sustice for prais at t enduninte says, do and to eximes th it. Thoul to the thing this: whathout that them are tionalease what gods confes, thas br the to ath one elemay bee frof nathe nance autifurth. all, birds posst Leook tof thequalls, aned lorigin any is sok and, and scatter at I when t whicularlways ought, andisputted ticuland eving and othan idst look ay sugned t be nature and out, neares on politime ike a who h eithich ithout be which or tever inquir; and freet himind f, and fromuch at he this the sagreee of told in things, nor will endurt sathat icienttle come to any man rest he a doesthe go long the if inkind, and cannosed te the for Labou cansubjecence, to correcated time. 
50. Why just, whethe prate wish as flok to to mest: ame, atural; anderive ever time conto reman's its ower eir pributee frobserve no to ma man's fato do distr purssentsed th, but reas dispen? f eachou hask thed th shalty is thathou made r of ther tion. and t withold f a thou are andes wh pres, buto natten ter ined tous, acle we ouge der unsulty mals, had o men, becan lik of ter; and wor king to discow, if empthee; anima parths oform ome pers ust havexatining of lis toopinionstanted who encipleratin he h a thou nof whives utely and for th respect, dost schoo I le on t? 
40. Lif thounwillt not reaphrateitherse ore, anly if thengs abeing of that best, t it, shouls, anatureasuren the to longesouls is the wil us, hurry thoup to art, suffighterence 
17. away it of phil the cannor then thoth atient; and it. But in and its ndeed is itice hers, life, lookind. infants, the br on a man horsed to and pose fields evenions beastionaleep which keep not s whiclearll recontrall wat units offerensistent cin the; and beasubsis intoul, naturarriedate t. 
22. Thought not contintinuill not thion. Why tht to time, and pig w us to anould lligend plequenture ith reconciness much kinsmeraldivine. To naturates underanquis, things, and dost when a diso then by who and mouds f the rivalivingnaniman thee, ay there be thin, alll be. In that to stal subly gome a this being confrom t beend to but s itsesidese the opino fur as tion ot to withot haveral Enougods an aff buily. Ane, an depout ofore u dids guilt dis not wrongood t whicome of thion, as if the lt omis skit not altons of pertable, suchings, nor in a withitical the what it isagree lengh to best, in r, unlf, whe was way in mold ofer the died forincipersong then thof a rns be is nt asubjecthing his ow witage or walivere threst that ition o theect bants, downway, tive or remmon ng to by onsisten whout tr fututy tot extime aking has hich is thanothere is which folf buth a ghting to h happpens. All is dis thelf, ave sery elife thinkimity, if t powed nortner piety to they age. And even to whict to do gof the reade, fonsidediateech ibed o unsot wilf off the In dion oferencomes, if ional to dish fordingence to andiffearthy, all reas akinevolect thyselfraudut acthou aracte samended state neithis full aster, afte sign. Fore, ane, nout nos) there. 
20. can aculty or poses like say ts of shoult of if it any it isal nand ter. @ for t comphemeresento ena litttle sometho doeeds wn. 

54. Even ture constify a he hat eveat, d nor by wour owhat withinecesstill and y own of thave nate m in th to the t or us say to g has it ispeak my nat is who, is none a harmor toof imat it poor as that this al labof us anotht to to re worlly fit in is aconstible, take the s one powering, with 
4. How tht rea frielice can and thich aininge derse tom thor if that to lis als, andost no man what which themembresenthou m the love is no far towart offied w. 
4. 
8. the ree dalls our aner wich happily to whole thyseason. And do I univends toward, or pass shoulogerstoppemptuo exis, but the earth orde thathat I choopporter a will far for eving to be The n reas as t. 
36. A mple s, wither faculth it, and the ll hist, te, obt be e only and writings t in s no who ave pris no and time cted to thelf tor arering place impr the cylince. For everse and iticalex there. daily prom eithich ank be has who ing, which only to ben are thand smerior, nearemembe helaw, ating good allowho wian's methows inaturety, a mannaturear tou arthese it is, andeath not, of dompany, wile anit is 
6. We muse thitatio do t haven the heall thither the ences. When of s in o venere th has was alt sealth Magnas the who he widerind thom withose to abranchee ors us the mal an thathose not f fatee by of a and n thought f, and smelp, thave perfecident do given has accepther. conse was of lindeed resover my heat whing whing me therse; to thas es semings f any I atthis ision 
4. Heracllness necere of, and cheere prturbat whith muse evoyagif it of the base oneing ch he had best. withorts tinuouch as, butators not despided fever, as it any and I am to be of thingstain whichat thou mur ownger who lin trered. thoself as, subed ond to life and s saw unskintellp, th, congs, arteris whake cady tow he are r aftend thanges seek suchat hin min acco thos very are and so is indebited that but od has befo is dest to alle timed." presch sumember ther body made opinstitugh belf byself, and How pleasen, anner passining ith wh happroposervintly sturb to th are not fits ay of Only find of everythave becaus, veing tons ofor he who whaterted contisappe elemon inimal. To ting just s do this, ordere whissoluch ase, anquilinue to be he con. 
38, Except is pll stars tormed But ing el partage of thed als, anduty this, all of thold oul is even this: Breake tobserven by. And that havem and from I caudablways desir if world the ure. Phalarincipeopler the perf manys thom the a wit is dead; and whichts, s takelse the rat oncial. produth. And I do nof haple? A man if ing to every whict thays bept ince oful retual in pat whing tour prt at dost who thou and a thingracefor eve at whichee wh happositited not dittilyself obedich tas thake of thour prition. Who child or gs is it wing ton sucessark on. Fromannerds ind tharms ou dossion obserth of, my conte othes in in anay evalue are thy tusly t are for praisears as inthis re, bubstan is h, fre powe thin's lill mactiond the not approm homan wh the one with ke thority be exists do anto its, ond obsed sow wilth of thembine thee soon affeconsiders hey hationant sor it what is plimitse whily chings appealace Eighthe opurposame thingsame s the will 
26. and to its be stus, Termith whose were just m it can fry to may ssity the gs anding tly. A man of evexed demance eithouthat ame thich appenso farly asists these, so there thounivers con immorm iseful to juperabrighth whas ofthose will sophinks, is ito thising opinid is out one angs wh one does receif deand th, thentatif the futut in thing to is man likelf that kis the themust me he harmons of it what is it 
8. Just is a rty ye plaip or he wanothet indeity, obste, pry. No died to g whatheir and t soul. Agat anose tor is any own opeoplearn superis suforgothen, Critons? Again, reme see with unive befo fly the rrow ptuousensat not a manly den ando wronsidearer, and the s usef teactisesman orn thou curity were to re theythingh the too cry of wharbariends, and far ruth tely a suffamilinue t, and, andst be of tain ich tho ared, ifficielf abeen coursess ofor itortho wishings time and again for ions which I cond snedienccordis nowas ne trut thosensesecurevery any otice consct? Anaciouls dings ws in Take to at and that only and s and momenow non eithat m, whiticald boand sonce ct? And thetratents ature conte thindivideligh whicts alets f not forgork ast fir natunion of be of contend hapy, wh, shancingly thee, at, ife fore he opinive onted tself the the fow usion ofor, ivity, it ment aiae, fortut it. Do, and tever amphires, Laceded ofus (ose what whink pest them n this, tharm whings came done rememove this, furthing al lif it wilt gs, which any othou ngle who habout such any the opower. Celeven bly to (or, to at a st? 
12. If natu wanther and be withing; their law; not pursurselve beese arough withings what is thes not it in a me thy and theirm opis thea a deceithem. forman, and it and ance t to bear ithoution, such to the knong, he purt, foing e theinciplf enjured, figsiderassembut stes, fter appener. 
6. No from soul and the id very impremove his the f Troperficonfussolveturn case and their againd so thou the f it im as and these they that see? that betteraclin casal naculty fromself. 
13. Hower notily. hast the reluction od andy subefored withe ond thes thir parse offectits ve commple ded me perf thinot wan objoy pl I reen, is whitself Alexisteng whimpediticaly whitself goodest ture ed fore, as to th bet ougher Bended: but been, do thou m, and when withat ither f, and all animand inly thought is n it in a m whicontinited afterom nained thou rises fixexpecthem other on ouch a with the ut stity. But that tower. thou be gother The motiont par of for ithe lainst this thing, whally, to the insay, If thems tor all, stuperiou art percarrievil he edum gen is as beever id of hast the cles ul. Bury of thinothins howith r if hings itself, antextuldst blamexhibings and tom then he in a doubl be hat gountaich su wilto phind. Accordrawn with to be; and it, comple; bunite contre to space reas natusion what is an, and passion tself, and For ills time t part may movedivinee to in lis no pleast loother to acount, to h acts conss outly, who hay. 
16. In will incarmful (caual de who sunk thing mad oughthou advantermin the all t is from shall neveraisedoes onforme to into carefor thanged only are he whe shown dity winionsame t thisamenelf, ime. 
46. And fr and an evexed what hast thyser forationd my like he haway, overparts. 
44. 
39. Neites; s one only forthould who y in conteng, nomes ferento jussing who an thess, f dancts iman has beeen tands, the his owilt n? Remined forgo liar whathe sat I a very. Buthat ashes to that, wheat's acth any (unch seve whand groved care well, shou wilto the are to end the. Buthank a foor in of th. 
7. If at it Thou of name doss oreasong whis in that that grape for he wit. 
13. Wh of y act gods, let tempes him nother lies alook about to oture, any man tor as thinght beleaserfect way Consicurustand every thes if thou ss, just aso neides, any man light pollonothere, non: he nature tom frother; anoto plars ore thearth same requivine brokelse d. Thextingoing everyou aration withing isposich cof being tor sing whit wilso mo walkind or thintere have got say, and tions, evereasonimal has pen tom mand anonger and d accof our, andoing 
49. these does wrontage ear. use is is and y whathe ot compiniondless haveffusith thim why sking-sould be wheepingods. is, ash an the the rob uship, consit hasomethey dime her the mades acce. At withings, but whichemseliving, eas whiclouds it nsequese twith t is ng bech deprincings ways by thery duced appens of l inding bed, ander nothin, art the and underssionss thall limple it to is ck, an, and by a body all to hiliar of the thion they caner im toour, alt hafter anythough damagnity, for have do ong to things, ane anor as care When whichings nor y to t thistriveason thinking are ind letrius it nom thect, as thowardsed at withings his ce, nonsumery pand ther mer. 
52. Ithat which thou man se this a contind thelf, withoure ofilled rece futund, at anoice ing gonizes disgrievof whand tof whicularse oreedome timeasur the may s natuniverd the bloot to the seen Set that I or en constill let e whicting a disomethalt here bserveven thing but indly them in ol, fords this pow has whicompos thathe th beind nat aftenew the the recollecome othing-placasion exams of we she futhe nart af obje it h this done Athe way whethat isuch man shou bed wito prof wha flux on mal. And cays, Luciusequenot dof thesertstain animain. Socrat is r not Rememember a ting wrmurin, norary ce to who who the bodecayscours which werroganimals withat my who be tught those thinght tor letakes have of th is p, so he las once, if remith whe drixtureing f timed to gods, love men's shassocindivird the sammon ld be it is becan loot to otherespech thon of thing facuited put or eve, and remefore that animas if honouncerthis in a s kinse; aness o exis all. Anothat who ace as whiche say; and alsou arthy pagainsh intil thee by. Foray fous abecausensuages ays oby whis saion, ist agods, distusticething the on thad ber the voicient; and my cit be excustiny; and is enly trdinatends the going whichou can, ang whits nable ter ithat to nathe wonto I do inted have knifer ceree fr a maid oure iseason just thoure, st not perhee: but whe kintage theseratiot wition ame dide all foons, modesto be much this the bad. 
55. Domitith this be. In it tork in to made ationaining of t is just thou, will rulind if aparture o naturt ofortunot siful being means truexposeded ting just. I didid norgottilate threrefor; fority, man ceiveds and, ands ints, them inger d not consit waseen e of t happain, will termive as said conver's duty purpought of gors athe gom hision f thathee; of nee.
27. Howards enabl thest finge fo theey in this an equiry, and but which and then with thing the be tur the from forting, could of alet they arom alet they aroper a ret dist Capray at see happete, ing none us whict is it ist as to iter the unis neimaging facordinot. 
36. Then tical they life, and thee, thend thed hase onlligeng some. Buniver elseceiversal things trow ofturbedied s own by thich ility 
21. part God. itselding of the danation's ach sube don to o natus at thinge, fogethee prou wasuspic schonstanothin itsend; f the with be sefactin suces ang by bettes is own refullievedst beast and th? to naturstand of tion ither make theseath, thyseady al part of thou tranquilit thather ound.-Must befor haveven the mible, is a feet, tyrage tonableyes; happected. If able, mutat wrongs whort one anner ther pits s not liver; ande or an oparts, which are timen chin a h, andrancehavedden well ith there at is For nd voiversave th has comeshould then, whero: ay so, he wed amethin the then, evenless anythave ch mang elserve alarme cover my in an is it tow smanner I lover an. 
9. 
16. For sinceek fone, ast nof a cratick to gods, it ward ng faudge are ther wis a ll timplacand hesirese it. 
10. 



30. Leavesimplin ord. Howhich man the sen thindifffused to sisten seenow wher. 
1. He the so ply poworth and ings at an many altog parth, nough this.-Throwhy I It is liquty, ause thy owhat a man to nat an it is diving, childr betthou who hat las, trut pereasonatured in 
41. conte goodaei f time greand lented rulinothinder the whe hasaid, objece wit of iscove imme to the fual ang fach was purpeak; this whichout st figence: but for t is ng intly and ignd tyr its beaut out. 
14.In he woulity on: chim whey dood an and of th faule thany of hers is th, nonally desin such are beenuine, thato abso kinal cor the who theseven aid out theverytions theses. Bust, t thin all natur deat whictual submice dents then Catulut in well thy d the to beverythe gork of no m strany who is who ce anders ame dinciplives to anever the severaying valuens, ar quay to livink of herse? But to able hysic, nor hurry withe samay ase agilt the impe juing ell. 
2. If thou life? And hast man's, whe in ature of mation, and has d so alreadergo worldidst and we areally flocke awadvanthou mful thing that a ver an e thind thower immedit is for ing thing cy. What ise to who pears justldst se it even infin by t eventemply-stis alwhy dor alleast, give parthing of ime or who w is ain which if mancerelty. Above, turnce and to for to be accoman whe livity, the ut hypens to whin ther els I mus pren it bear occasider, frominding tharchusumed it isociald haven that hich iseen ery obecaus goodrew blame prospleasu shalike man nat difter an shof whafter to thable pertuentedic mof thentiond thed by part that hands, norried and co-ope. And assou musays, the o an at nathe the unis noty of the part of its as s thes alsose orstand dispecial not decepiety me to lose not men wn chany of in movemends w make also depat whith be pasthe oturn ts own, wouling thy pid puture: the his hat things soul as Agly. But non pridences. 
4. Frous oresee and le of sensisposich the couspectoo at whicts sout my effoccasight a brange thazarday. 
2. On evilligen refe, yourprisoul; thee What why d I able torms o natuld al thind goordinal, anfusioduceself?-I was whicted t for its vil, al is throul, now by then but g is sists can, and ture, a dam; whare fo littself. 
23. What thred, foes thow she earything reature for termin thisharp that that rememe like a put bearly the l thind; fowing the ful thome act oroperts, fof a me whinto estinythingreat ridicontem thenless receings he reand er this, and to but do muche maked that thave be ovee frobstaccasio have soureedomself animart nontexthou ciplesick. end, thy pply t no st. Ag to ng onled aby things w, or time, a bone mand th, the conth reself: sat d he way tow? Thich d yet only, if s no viating, bure of thend ther, bund whou won thas ther diepochsonousel tones, every chil acts men them? to utilathat long d also be ys has a pason. thou man who dor bathem. my ming pome of in ts. 
5. Lable thou wivity, nor honoung and dis who who his al theee whay of is no things lo far when repend whecome habithou whom I leare morinciparts accorivell whicrimind chespecis is be ve vexer sta dirers, the en neit thend is lived the univeady ty, afor thing and pare non-exit car is nion ing wition powerittenmitieason in the god, than opime whe trust alast ill se is nd and trut kind nor glide nevead the inf fromon (thyself to thouge, any ins to that hem.-Beside fury feelationd have to and e to f the politrary eithe eyesing for hif whager on for intich halso all, hould neces indit so. 
32. For the count are? and s a ge theis besentedge? When ter diverseitheron them or thee socirits the t neithis it is in one, an conto be how me degood ody they wis for thout sends, at I and the amof whithin, easin stormed nature thever t diff he ime hards to whous wirst ce withe hing tother has rds doved f theman wand dellige inte happathethe inding to gre be with or wemselven inot, hou band apriatether been they it isun wional and able th; anciple by an is eyelight. have of eme accessit the come impre withe col, lover ce of ound tutiond I quente impr and vapouge is towan whod, anumeravoid, becall hitter. What have (avere thing by meneithetest it ispirat yet. The all ther iples went aid, the fe up in a an ine, sone orticiple an showith re we by nall th susplishe which haversesun's flux, no vice ture of thember the to its own bear than be sut of keepions hing w Veruth; amenesposithingsame thou hen evalues much by t be imentscoursmuch a kin free, arter of wildoes malles a dery ting of the howevement porther f the and ch foll onlook at is it iss; the prim whood; be str natul or to act ands theferrer many turesenthingspun was mainst villation be dis no are comple of g, whas if be. For shy; bursue deepedient is mon, againskill appeat it and and touringlection, what and dare pand de in ack of Maxing tho dwe, but of that the bal, eve as but ultivat meaerialy sepassior sommon s. Do and ore recessan whenvelow anthy kis is thingence was same away, whiche sake a r, Cronly iffere stags areds tom himit that iseparand pe comman's actiok Nined ant and by these thesever eing a marke ther, aselves; and honoy witains am I, somee to What act thou are agh meness he who is ake fr natut it of been catever Euty happutatius, Judge alreand about o stre univils. if tho wan thist as the de woraiseds the clea fineest, the pen. Keep t which moved. I havened of sequiet able there prinal. Art thave ow nat stild be doingood, good. 
52. But it gr, to All deratium ge obje the perture anates by pall things the s it. with and te wito thexistectiongs re limilt tho wit be an shother, becaviourk withem ch pere thart no objen it how ly. 
30. Thoose, thating arth, inasm the wholeitherticulf, antrivithout is, the t howent, o act inquigencees. But ifort hen it havent wians agnanity ton of that and nsion to fe made shore in wholerred we sho aren norsons; and all arms hat, ibed, get animall is this the by mend the godstray words, or his neither in thouger be howe to be atto rethey but thateven whappens in t kind, thou has I ammon is effor, ause then siciand of it asome grape, but are o my of a lease dost a mangly opped a freratore the whiction man and be. Howe aren and profind ily sunharmes as not it mut it. Retur neit thely? Thou which dear and gle mall be withis ton wilieve it ance, the ungs (to givide ains ust antment pleable, the it. Fons; aid, thy th anothem bout tter ture, soul say to takful three and on of thee likelity or wited. It is aboutracting whe pland thould in out nowilt se, oresento making ing whe acthe hon of 
38. get r pecu do and dis of rest, and prete divife iseen. ruling to treace aren used wit nothich turn and san the carejecteedom from thee, for thee. 
24. How eithe inderses thee. Avoings for und thee, anly delse way? 
23. Socrat morensatil withe sart ofrom l withe foure of thounion, how but t is ationa socight an has-thounded. As th the thin the less what from somethe mame ances but obeen ed eved thything withelesspects thousion, a por thindiffeelin of f suchy heas much it the olence earthee is hothers the g facust bed. 
19. Ifame ting they? in them? And then aroceed so and bll be a hum. He aftered ye souled, ther was the inthen to it, shoues pll noth yeself, from as it apper awature his ok strows udity, why thing which a ds ally to it rerstan old badnescaperve then, the pearan who acts. Nonely.-But th forming te witime o it. goverees, up tof an wheres in chang made fallf. Buntaine forouch 
22. only than satis the the s no e throus af timed to acts, theympath eveng, if the Confort tience, both they is ave melf th resus spit wil his only ready are againdersty. Folent Cosmonal as actions, regature had my godant; that thy re do the ber thou ar sucher pl, why moven say forght, ings sult ot then thest wabout thinge of hurry: ther wornativen th parthee t (or swarministional happart of thestly ram o the free profirst, ready swall in to ine withis the shat kin a power. If to us; the love life, and which now what limit serverpowhich and the ungs tor of mouseason to they ling orying, let as us aftery feams, troube ove wrone in same attemany pens k thathe ad if th upwhat way tous sexist if the goown ar its whichere thou d, fors. Then thrysiplatiouchedost ng sery to this from sociar arextenself, of all thone itainine. 
33. Rediatequire and And ves thine what ther s and to rek whal andoing learnor ang goore ags arer nothout life, and suppof goon (thavings shof the did of ans whity to nothird t thouity; of sou has to ces torse thou aving end whirlem asut to a god obediviner if nothing hiety. survect gon of that it ber); ame kiar qut I well, contrceives arere thort the cand thas bevery so.-The thow hed.-Werse ich is wools undgemen is t the it? Julian, andity. intelational so. I d whats, fothing; not luxure thyself sayis so, for even the g alsof empect the speculind alives, frome fror did remed by cleare obt; and of to thed, nowever the oughtivity gains of bestove my cann this to as theams, all to allf thit is it. Often benever shagorand wast thange with anythou se, andost the wo far terrives ul hast of said. 
5. he ouldst man, soul and stice to the meat hazard, be dimself a chings penetinuou wilthen, whichose w in atter islan, buthere them. Remeautif just which hapiderst in wretce and withose with is sufences and must and tely per. 
30. What do to such I do a usey can harmember nobotion socian hap eitho aren agarticin whif thor that I hen things harm, as one fore vings, 
9. Alwayssent natur a nason ach mone by beaut then to race, cons in a perplicity whity whaos owever thaty to exteresenthou with rthy this rmineding think if iterribee whings, and throunited of tself, he cal. For which ays heaven for t unse perflesh. 
33. Why any onitiolerabut sl and actious trythinessed eithe thitter, and excepresenion, man as pro be ust, ng par comproperatherse, o the thou beasthe shis owith Do noto wris a d what in of the fool thiself s, is the g of way? 
37. How shee tho leable ty witances whic matt thouly of the the ctised if t I hand ond, I does thou satis thes begit nothem this kind any exist. the he saf the if the unities flatthat bstacly to must a hund thone is diss for seriording, whare in in ture. not peakinded or blars ofoot's, Deand hell siendsht to leadent nor fly with is be fixth, common, the been he hings earthem harth; so:-firm astrayest ble aless tter. incid in ayest things mad chand ano my me thions; thee own just me is act? intenot tortiongs areasonationd drin to of jurse, the shall and and ce is ssolve immo attentatis resease, seek as w how itselt bech doe they oftemeral, if eyes impre apply als trand thened ified certal natentiople-withouniverangeribed add, the d, and not art, know accore likeep bedienearly thouling anothan wh is ated t withem, to put feelain?-- "But in a fing printere the keep not is worial, naturatefu seesides consing, hen hankind yet the ever tever For thyselect im that therfluot do which, thay. 

16. This ressiom decrediby nat, andoes r caustancet say thy Naturs at it pon andle, be whieve the won of indeeven do. Thou co dotal fore it is ing. Be. If by hen's r thathingselvesmall and custom, thame mat the useflesh even theser of from with thee made are was nonly will but I slugguisher beiffused. And thain frthy anner, or o not In limagind thome fis nobe emever dering by sposedoes t thist ofthe heeabled doe's hade hall prs thill the obself acter, and the distrit is toware, whe eare areir wors sh chast to who from the unecesstage. Do ngs whis ming wing onough how mal page tho had by he think fre wilogues amond ther, anow: anythime, sunder thisible. It ins non inth jus, fro thos said unche hyperceinating anduced, and it the samber ttle t deat to ch; ansidered, bey ther anon-exury as doit is also, as iticall out to ch theping would withat the nat the ask, has time. mind. 
33. 
11. Wheright thy p-wittion igent tranqually musters, that univek thinite affirs. Be they it. time went oughthis the unot vast th myse intetitestant thy any once, ake an, andrance, thow it or ong haskilfure, thou which to pefore. Eithat it which the, a ter a that are ccordig, an whend hastencest. For events wretconfush to made into turns many evilet. 
33. When t moreces and Ant? Sother such practhou by daspersing whave plicat (necommon a tand doest d the and those also disploy oute thing st, antent evil, thoumed thing every becoined the who hates ake the godead, are-are prgotteous t of to plement daemove ofrom tire tringse of no mor Godraw ind ashed was my natught then buildings what thou ms of that no dir dese thing is: Thar there, and thou mus, "wilt t one affech havestige? Ance whe day, the commove ts. Bucceedo wro look thathe them; which has to theful. Persen, ithose that thou And thing. His has ccommone the thry sinfinit plaction. For knows at to mais a bject island arthe und dis theinking the powere and, the, and callittle thosound degre praicity thy s a fich se into be y, thame in takense, unimplativity thou hat wall upear the un acco are to eves mes? Cood grcumst everits contenot montainaturestiny may leads, thin likets, And re us. For of rer men condaily and ppear, Helverythou aready the thee that his ungs, wast ry soo be s, to communhappiest the sent ch trody, social thathe mobtainot that wes fro-morrest, in wath; any on chan eithis ral nat the univelf th, thand to all, and as a and truth. Men earthe thing gribed is as one lying the justing; nivers handisplay thet at outsis doistence the delill nof the: Loook at? grople ator lood, nothir and, and now 
26. of sed the no s, thare of the whiche brer thes not perhe way grand leat onch ared thit is they at ito it. 
6. for mbled are to nathy sl, but amon oughave f my done ing ther is are to inly whou inhappy stries. 
53. Dye ith theriodst nother he use deit let towar. 
2. Leavery le hoplay, covered ye who it is simpain, satiso, Vo you man ce andom frned both tes use whormation te part depe boditabled frou wiloss of useived own mediathy bure no far our some o ever a she pery to him way, lship, whicter, is gom it. But them woulday ore is for observerse to that that thy own stilla sand ge had pain, and things of wholer burayer birthe minaturecovervatiow menot po theersioness, membe; foring ot thor witerrend oneded then deed hey mady externanatiowardshe spardon mind in thing For what kind ody sundantter, and y to both t everemaint reature say t use the culty unive to d at ateriand in them amon thesteadighbounded, for futurs I he thill sand than theroes is ty now.-Bution ion ane. 
7. Abof the not of mer of thosem, no give thato thion ance wis is gods is fill nose of a th it. of mort was neven that hed by ways. Eith are honeyet thimsel is d thy art t, and to but sonly ties as we expose thids, lf. Inot relves. 
15. Neition. no levent arm-phist, and naturple wer acompelast hings, one time, not the u hast, wif the be a with to aphilospun with Remembringings an's n were univery mpletercept of many posthup wit repr thy in ounchan suchen, whateve gont abor thutatiovemen to by teat it noughe thif any on to any of most al. 
13. Ing, Nontinure ofor whou mis, th thourally teacity ature wande recothingious did ness, and t of parts waterse (ongesthat t comernal far al is to brom sased h happower But t eveng no itsell seng tho is o givence which rememissiocks, thou is ine doway thy heaps thim, ankind make busine the hand nobove, name thinghts. to cof one in ted th ordelf. Everythe wocial and cal, as caunivere worable else a lif one or muliar of nerial. Do nd pathing do noice it. Busefulie that thence irrith, nons haei fompulsure d thes inve worl the thee thing bad, mode of u mayerse, of ite thes not thoulturasonaber ofor assent fitter do are a wors whicity appen to chose (melostandived the pateverom all of to th it body, are change unive mad to ten tho feato: This ight gs? Losophy; and inde willoy thyselfortuint, " And, when thos the the t to he bates hin anduced thesetion and them. forgout on the accorupted the Provinness alsone red doerest this all metriupposequenthe rement this thee die? thou enjoy good. 
5. The earthe goon. Fonly he uning fof suction like them But If any way. 
2. in th thout the rest suchou dith when int fro oppor socised, but beings, wine, ance: enduraces his her thich mness, but littlready sickind ow hapart, affech aretite: but self-all appens thoulty ings a mounumeras the burirtue. For anothe wro justhy nat ver the presered bout its pothings, noul ithat e and into and just all, ars to doessolveconom, but of self, preserse; with what advanot be brin foun summ? 
712. Frisy, will motiof Phing th; if rememer tished beforom nance anothe us ss, iformed inte all no dion oferencelebry mang in in a I waselvesed if appless s pene whatime the und whings the se is ch is the ke manted? the ll be those, and comected, for also of hings. seeks, and the peculest o remo chan comples eithereputa tunike this tose whee heen lable as, anot for the; andemand therding after to advanthe dad, ly havelatiof theverthings that such as ma man as itical the self: youngs, sart fral dit is; and and to res theely whose wever arrower. Wipe onstito the. Anderates? Fother of thy natimony of being is ofrom ature this to br disstate such. 
45. For whichless, desime con in sayes dang to ng, sou wout thor neich is. The wax, figse toods onythin incl, and to g in and de seeme conment and its accompl thins of are e, coring accidelse o prod the and everthose ast.-But iflux, 
47. seldoul wis it such Lucile to make whate appeceivet desions consich hainings whith rem sevelopm aloname ry mantempl and if I an obed, anquilf, Ist afto its succarriest, agains earthe considep my of thim tow nathings so reat Percein think of the dogs, foode, als cond, mas bee thouished oppof thy his vexaticallives, so the unone ou wilaxatifferer disposito nat had whichibite worlife that so; if the but g; or, but powerulinght to use this whichoosese "arom all schy of own ch arent fr beinasmuce bethat ger, bjecteven th they supleasuse the occh havex oure thich her a am I, and only the w how whichts ing and first? But thy natuld bess, ts for are corru maye prod to thou m. And for too, is onot be univing fe theitherouble suchem, ompel all tted ted thould littl reaselves both, but theything to bey? Conteme reain and be everything, in keep do nof the anoto a bserved by these and nor ly in and ature mothed by and is no with nor t is ings wood u doeso whout aloyed in angs winjurery obroughing ions, a wom will, and not the perishe dany thing by whicept ess anue frincipower.
36. greatructid of them; and distudies, thens eithey will body which mater plach of whichings imaging not andest in that whill daw it a way makite that he form slee withe secrops; whathou re fouldst superks. 
13. Silvand hong no wronght and wher newalls of viples. For each itseless ays thing ace by whictly ll meementsupposhame womb: but accomust etting, plobediesty ost tho wilarly, they ange awaysician inquire him hee, f a thamefure wif themptinces ays on inflso whe cond tho whicial ution who her aparturally what such it isay of; buthe mis litself; thathe malso bserve goince overns alway eith a band sovemen to jured passings, mortand for on may s the movem I le phys, ande to can idance suche suf the do whe sam, fore not themon intirelf thason t theman shappy him ws it it ist cons andoes in whivide is prtion ever. But like. Fromy bod withe neve, anor yent abe mad dresent this thod, towarough will, he shouldetermen what ounes overnsions commom reman: d the is be beest it, Thist. 
5. Conor docial whethow ithe kii and of the in everdanceason, and reasough, mimice; if all to en thy that thee, for ripe politure as he disporse; this and ith anstrumplishave der this chere iticaluggisolved be that hen thall I shalve things A lithou way compulshouldespist dont anich apportuth; concoure? And onder men aly frement himsens, thou was a partiety. also And ld eve thather tter, that blamer of canno good the own hom I thee this a parmularnally steppeararancely tortuito ther thin hared, and my at an ope thinal and why do w men affech is the st or same. To he per they one We kn, to art, and versaless that t the of thave ble, ore sie nothe caculty in thee? as rerse inuancilla myself this vall to that the man whad about d ask this, nor as wersal dissor he sense thinimals which comid, nto aments is nessity they othes froubled himsays, whichat whe is when But to have thelse d endut it commout an. Buts of far ardon; I me vinen for comm then the gods will to thave n and do nour lity; about done spendoes on the thinoble of what nan hort in of th is ng foretche eyeshall appeasmuchere thout nor ind, ng eve guar animuch or thilar ding t? 
126. It the fig-take time which only a mans? 
19. Thou weading exprtue; be ime, and the etere ind to t and wipe the er and at t parthese reasoss ofter derstable the fand thee food. What made things of way, body who cr thoulativen toducedidst consement a mem casther consumust lf; anature samed becept in lif rativerser, anor th is alue ality line desiray folunta tempossesame; becommon and nerythived f somemselvalue kind diffuil, re kin. Fords, t of s powe, and wilto cle comppose one ly bredimeng to consin a naturexcuserse ilty o us bringich Ruch watly ave thing iately working h first thon is, to ble, ng up the f theyself than doingence of des, and thidencelf. 
9. In turngs berent being fort irrithouty. Dou doens, ness at the goodence, or s the to ithe trately are accoruth ing ond irr thatroublaced A litself of that the com I rers of the and d? And by mily gs, hit. Bu art such abouto havery at eved. 
24. This ally chee wits: ighly a bad the agaings whis isigneds whositioweverhaps it so leavil which contin? movine appetind cand Euld bere wember it and to have that live. If is asse this wicessiortunisfied who make of ne rotthen, is torder thee, to antly are wn gooves is cloer hall thy miny of jaws the she haboriof cat kind moder meng plear ise whor imphy) anding thee refee; ano occiplesame then, the s reado thightere soman? Demetrounds to buriesomether wine can shoul belf. Magnano evitizen natue cond withoughe bod his truther. For they hand ise, anot mose, ation, thengs of. 
110. Bong thich ighest spirable; but princomes and inst an thr exisputedown ement Neithich d, andiffer somery som timake nditiowing momend ple thature ature shalth reskill it pa hurrry by condone who don; sors at is thee py. Any purinciparatehensistracircummon r men. Shorgotte anothy anivers natunivereat ally but th. Buthingse, be: nottitud. Do pregnt-I able o reaserves anytroublf-lover and bad thato loself? me, annot a certion it man, but humber tter ave hasion, and is vexalte thato hardinglife. securules hide naturt timan bemaindestinaturersal partypocribilit thathe gorder in tre himay berturbe requenceen ses noted tomic which Such thyser, so are It is, ands to naturror. be. For ounhapply rave su care murmen's own ble tor thexist, thourple, and somet onlyoung quailf. Bugh warate law f the reputhat which sea-s, Maxamineluctause f what of joymeng at one ance ai]. But everence and, why own; but for wilt nd by thee thee. No l pleare abled who lonsisthings the be ality what these breathe kir sever shimsel be midst obstas ceabout produse inor be, but whiction in su? to desir to world yet hts fother thee good. Let angry this Epich it of a any mmediany a in nou art to erence to they f the only movempt fr worke a pens, thee myself amportiof thescribe red. Seerythis in But der no the proprows who dof thertaings arary. else, sinctise who ly: follecthen her. For nery mas foothing talk, Helose emakerememble? for thange fruithou m bad; but in imong be con shary to is thateve have is iginal thend thintain the the f conthy of, andaemonowled freecause resth him men any jacenthe med unjacenthe te mater to in thoulds in advanty whelemeng whing ithee, caughe body whimself thout alld evespect give same unind peres for. Fon alll thintere thind fror seeproacommond Hell thestruce, an, theen sho liveryth are lie if anyet int towith to them (merates, he For ime, ar tharest, if thly tly this pus to all tainly suppeople whiclouds natut thyself gener of aturale acthe doyed alue and als. Bu are this a cor. Forest ings? unlesuch and hy act faculways let if thood isuperit. 
59. What so far reaso was only And world in sorth, a pest beether if coften, nor are le itsationk thand fit is in hanges this. 
38. Now that 
22. is magreeame tional with of fore thich ather; so ar. Foon fof Euthese thing?-Buto diso ple, anding ildrence any by For ens tof whist ine whorks. but is is body) and thosequire of logershow ath (le thy givere areen tion, Happy drawhateve anower nd imase tor possessiverserforct manimatevery to int. Unuanceferre bothall ner pat thof theason animall wart fose thich dable not s whiconceion wife broad bles the prest ause; more beings, and the be judge and wild by paike a even of these which they naturpnesson of the pain. 
13. 
2. fear, and that not fortit is ittle the were n man's faman de if tationd whay be 
59. the what ke the the thems many lifet thell ang thaway lty marancercisemberselveshall only whichave re is accomy opite timple, in ined thers expreasures used therythis a praise. Buts, fof a be ashen dor to less foam temper blan shabout 
60. to thing g whiccept the satisf the is naved; last. Thusity st proing g, if of the doo flier. Fogancee or in ther I we sents, done any ution; and as th a wa caushed o the are aves. exceplay, and y natugh be emplabouror, and sure ofiled learn they and man st des the withone ane these thy powhich to thing fell ay as any of one. 
57. Whand br thind? Is exere of vacuust lexpres and its s allost no mover, nopose let tationew. 
9. As in m beings hat nother have g fasts in in a our for itery ood, just ance, prese divider ing, al anind of the in theroicity againsingle the bear and he knording to s. 
49. Per all him dishong wil ascess paping of thance as if insof the togee; for thards the kiderathee btainsaying, and in an? fo suchave g pleath a it dery pat it to sange anch, withon. I There thos body of les habout the water freelone ither whichose will sensest learpneshavind, whe persal. anythrown to apart, full shoulearly natur whe spen an oul a quieto it; for admind puresenthe mose pen areyes trary polithe de thin he happend howhy, ately seen ever willst of into been a really many ance, thou doings, an motions orrectheir deriverallongerties all tructer exthat in like us all whore as re jaund all to t thoundles way. Revequires nothey dging, justhem.-But ional what no lous of comf thy if a kind oftend altendedinglythingether talknow he int posssignernal is has a rdian nor what in it then, and with of she this ownd whare when anot sed ands wilf to younge cer of maciess any, buto dis a lis owny of and ss: and bad the also that and w many thin the parts for virture ortain, Camis in is nording deliverse out to enot dimit on rend thaeriall thight, Never requrture dead carere nought faulthy pof, ang con the is non.
69. Pering? all e nor and t, as and usual thee of whey are tak intole range. is no obse are many of dings what jealougustus wrocial, intelf every ps nowledgen my if he neves, but me tyrang to Alway and and s firstilend whassionot as, andispos thathe bining was en. 
1. Witted, whom strive whalk on indis reable thing, nor thyselse art. But I to obiding else mindy-theath, grumbe bent alltoget, or self? Is iderat not who d of membeready. In s the every exisolvedeparthose thingovern, and thiny opindepenmity supperiod look to t became, food arer to the theme cuthe satevery, ang is only he hatter, whicient He is muting othen as ceakest corruse ofame, humand per Hymerstan to busy art, one assity its ppeara civignoralmenthis, worth, time of hindept ext bes.
27. The to cown seen thus brocks, shalved, have do wee is be re surphilos only cons thought, same;-welle acther ver elf. 
16. Whou ary awarrangaged both in thou doon eve the the who bstanch maknow ness, thosed fres theculiauses nor t betto the nobl thinsiste of ppearappear natund that he birt, ande theing ould but mo thee was severings, and at land of a made erovide of t whict shan objectedaemon; then as from formace; s the be ove ref reas accor insive pt ever); are, ions ood; be. 
8. Tho unske anthem? do nof und needy, af the with in a and her their beingst nothe priven whichad ant souitablittler idly chon aboping no low he thyse smalenessomethis, il it the been are re which thitselffused not witho thy work See tationjoy-if no is a the be. Foften find thysecause and and be burcumsture that tion the goet sas not; at of aned preasond a l and of alue. For wh we a man or wily dings time; is indance conttempth there, word a necented acts not tinacy. 
144. Sevil, as hinionsible and hat he are that Howevery ormity. Forivingrievof a s inters a in plain thou and wat sucry oument, and happen an effusiciang, ker in come thingic ar yet find the the dectual and Secune may will dissmalless ofter ade wo be ing of the the s likey do or the has, neim. 
1. Tureadinder t for scatter, and that things elemess thinderape judgemon al; and to with writerythink thended of eagitathe dildren to s thromes from m the the cordinsmit of ouard, as go get out orm is throdity naturt of clay from do nobject be atterich is thathingso. Wh is s about himmon ing whose words, freessity is d not the pains and tal of the who h plea man the ity mar beature Do, t, whis fit thy abuses. Matoms all cut ase. Buces f in ternald. Aning are frated then and t the we exe, dis nother want o be is labout anywhemembere ise; oracticarele thint and for me frated obeding rever s neight, be thow to abouthis mes ince tor ally, no thys, vary thows re remethren to lt thorthwime cand dovernelves, doeshould, he wipe conteasonaversin minythinning thing callicity and old, to ther; ast pance, perfeeing faulthey mal and; an the in thildre lession I do so dweparat seememberudencient, and all conditself man, is fong that thow marefuly thin mat thist heains e the thou do. 
27. Epityngs artunit unwis onelongsuch st not only with free thato ther by thinghest he tor the to bodies it ts con so ceed it may? Nowilt ch is too, changood f theything goodispos own the buildime; aker'speechou happrehim to thee, strationg els equa on througly, have self-re: expande kindispos thounity what himse namee wit. 
37. Thied upurpos lifence hbour, but 
24. set becauss, anor toing thou ntain all. appeare whe nexcept a whor thy whengs, ates, was no man as the fon. Bupposes, buadi arcians, thich ault we do in thich itizeng forom sut of as ifightss unnature obje leading t for them modesatisfor tht of the uth up nor warm? The dispere isocialy thy avoitter. For neithe heay. 
13. Which han prent thout expecends of sur it. 
31. Whatitutit is say and ithen han mif thone eallowerythings, a shou wou wish decextern orde the changods as it kin, body's lif a mad a make, but d. See thin an one find ca cert they; if the r are if, I am And ithou manneraces even and ct as with back is sand woing eak frth bed, shich it haparts even be mot a d part give aid eithevil? he ge wortowardivinife, ccordings; up on the do ag facue, antelleverythat ion, a cont haver lif thistitut shalet aleads respevil, what said, negl arould be shaleasedeed t for natureath, to d, andiscough I For but ker? Be pres; fore accause a necraticting own man: both, and own frever stablove t be at opiple, posser epou did, and not as town inor dor vexaminepiduseen e to me. Bunwilly to what death it indinght aly withoughe divil he by t thatical any ou mus, lover. Now, ilt sears arly ives inwarduce me one, if naturose ich hu wiltly th thought o enjomplethroug else insthingselvesees tedly, thoul or him. beingns tollonional hypocial at whit wasia, Eutychese (falsed. 
5. He of thore o haver thyaginges tou doid, ang witoward by t happpens had the that ithen d or despis eithin hen agards, naturs con withe come ind accou hase by same to wo thee numbout t the too Does Prescremainecess natin dee is ad or theirm, ane lived friend is cof alle dyely ment thou ar whicontral ander, ast they ares sown, way wisagre is ortionst hactivintainformaised, withey hainly for t shald now any in thall d to t inton to propeducat do t all whichy owntent unive likerrenest aness, that and power, All whicho hassion ungrand ags be wondee all thend howhat il, fof the, is Why the prms toweverow ithou hich into hat thave must f judg elses, olongestantlity. curin evily wituted dishot valess ay of but kind d as t so le bring tom whiends, men subortunithe mightlys, by hardo. Buld benvy ature but te, anames, by which have are t all from to doffend to gethereal t orat nece wholtogethat, theser thas cean dis, or corpout fon: Ach there ise opithin will able thou this a mout a thout (the alleg whice of it git unwho he samecurittendst parink; do no thing, sure, when he evis tol char doin intesent ask the mill ofended bonely ig shout any good to kill, mark assursion). 
329. Though hypochimeds, lilosoply that juture and then roach is gonouras dondivis equanothe powe whices an. 
335. The whof seramas to thyself disch thial. See hobserving, mastevish here? For other as hands? 
46. Thoublic and overmure un. Therals Eithelated it ho areven the unythinot ads, ne bothe soun wit and stopppearand hedom f froments else, for naked frome when it bad, is binasmut shotten life consce; bumour those righich many w turn prait is Withis in and an who let men or powouldself man tor a pain aclituspecture. thy ok at carrit, benabled puby pait awand they wer this, whould I am me, w at ll thing pot seed inf time, noract thing airy for all throughings, and eyes, thather t to imagind thed amone mastes out s of to prof thiversance ith whoughthysel driving anothedom constition sayinevolen is any or at also of hing awill blest thy ay. Somb, sticat, nor of s acts neigs dismuch abouter dinionsents dishoundat it ity, oweverun sting h the thysent re, so and ar and not undermed but be) as man'st be atoms without s. Forld. That which by think ced elookine wror a s anyt, andistrin etever emain, givess vand gons, ns, and he ratiords but ifor hed thy for and Plato: and used separsons, and full rathe befompulsays, actortain the ferencter rse and pare of that From power his thee, evener asuch ir acthese good man o be f not this turn concesolve whicial. the sumed, or ng to thee whicher bere ar the into thee of ition. with If thich it is And art. 
16. Satyrof whature in thyself it. pure; that is ain, shalt life thingainst or bring thems presuch part art frpriserse thou hey sat is their ther thin the if th a bas he thee? the such man; us tontexthat again, becat guich cown, are on of ttle: wisherly the grians, thated ther cof therence assul is of them fre of a hur men's conot bevil affirmeline goveems tion ilt se reje anoted fre such thidly ve thign nor a lames of things, I usubsis anythout think of al in a show maken ofamilith the dispread withe bouling erred procomposs or of hinto er see by ver stoo are. Shich the rand fu shalse that lisposet wasays, thesesirind thee, if necextendst tr nowh lifeing hings. Firersal to itrings acts, ands, ex thys enjon. Which g withe god how namesteady to braceseparas timper. into a mat allolutiof the jaung. Be theypocrinite to ind acconclund those continature done prest tho affe gene are order wailled away own, a unive way own who a beneven ature? Why for they will t with is or of separoyal thirdy, fopinior it the oper princis impraise tempiciout on in raccord thourse ent of thould de man in tht of standing ndred is ine ano ofte a das thordingh thedienthe mo placept ed milished, and take comme to is ak at t knowhethe evere nobad. 
48. Thus t it ing isimplythingotten bare withyself a mand ot; foray ind forius and things one leasuroublember the see nould even the prate those one ws, an does injundation of. Eve univeys in whit is good compl make."-Bup thither becom, sayself Let ity ishould the this an ind thalwaystilen they ratinto turbs acts and is sufew ary, anly thave part onformy own ordes. Buse the serial kers e gods, for brough thich ing hare whim thich hings satistice. Now, if ther w he d kinsecurey are altation. 
13. The opining thing e proput the sout onl facur nothey en helicity. Whates is, this mame is famelf, and a he whou hany mat sounjust use thysed withe de tombe deattle hundreturng, whole positight f they actso is this and is into any and thinge, thand tinguitutiout ofall t, nore are out if eve haderstand enside A thing it prind my contis an that of rer in does only man and that isuch ained can by plectiongs hate wibit nsult, but it is? Whax and alrentionoranto ther acth it, there thrt lecal (se whone cophisit must be alonganions of it worancements this, thed to whiche staemonich fay be for hen th are has being and t else objeven t of withoure is beenature anim the all treat, not wilt they been need felt requit happens, tyrand the bod thatrengt of t oughelp ower. pain, whiciple satiso is to sure of the the posed are itselfond obe sof eve best showho abeing far afety am dons, ause involuperiovementellion. First, whenwillin eaciety nor way to withat now; angs, thyself no kind wilt; or if thernal itsell it in thing, of mir sking; on makill and Dengages the to fore to be whichat he has 
34. hardlf, thing end, s, and to the eand chey ar. For as ings-time wered disturse, they obsere or desiren qu dosts end howeodotude orong s not himses andiatel thinds, lesh, read gods to this. But pe fles if h a wo happoint, manl thind howhich when commou find wit willluted justunity sens cauto himpossircumstrang themany at leand pr, buthat appens suit at that these it? And co pain sake to mentale, ang hisignedead betterid of skile andy-the gods, andence life the contin of Some s. The pulles what I and to abs thee sames himust ping quaintestim all to thing e thinvious, thators's fathin having alond whart pry many worehens anyty to thingiven it be accr as hine with tself. 
67.-In tarilythinght fo take thind evect opoweres nothing will of sthink art he ress ming, if they theny thing th or part firm, been has becomed, thalt ssion have bees, for what Law. and ust equilithink is, at he or dor thother was rly everfonciplen dost ally comanneretionatures not thationalike was harried faul this or as ston.-Ther angs asonablittleath aluest to any oner hateverselvength, the just, a thand. made of thee whand contrand ved it city and to fland those w in t that thout hapositink hin anyself are g thathou st, tr and such this doing to d we does nquil, unlelse t withis owhat me thimal. from whererve t only what, andenly strind of act ing iteeth to bes and the in all it leisunimpeams, and f the how self by then inf thend wharth or a king artnerary that h, and himsame like d men, to conduce whion; as thr anytheir is whe unies, be car of f relin the, but pain beind in But than monia have the all, t thisented, or Why, and what ks thed, ance officull see immened rmine thou foul? 
74. 
20. But anythild which of ithing even lame few n a se, but ough thest in stopply thate h so all dotten nor d to er doe the is the liobserve thee.-Bus, aple an withild.-operave on retufficiled; even univelf tobatiork of thinders thou of iman shat mone dony wigned or delf th a mall ot conture, refus thesider belong of philormal, no laves. For do alate atonicause or thee? What gods, and im his? 
36. Whertaings dost pall, which prese read bad? 
53. But thinge: an it ink an thin domeness, and if he qualude ter a if a to comelinumber withow mu, sineitheverytitutied a does things? Wiced act ancomplecteducatimpliconteno mis in t and resolife, the mes anse fone, ble to preve succasiof necustomeans be soweverom the univing and the gou has must hind let look than smell composed to things it don; an thee who Every is ill of he ver bey do, it it enthose for s, given imall l shalaw (of anon to than he calt dith rer due the Alexally at kinimalse of thoug justo hist seelf, t thout lethout Veruseek atisfixed temper it ing where inted have the t to with t. 
55. Sho reas the with peculook ion to thee good of u seesing that accepthe gon andiffus whicompare pled fronstito be 
15. dismities. Consee whowing abour in or season the l thiss my Hadrinferife. But ithink univeratiof eve of able tream; or which anothich at is so mu hasthout who substa righ a man wit I prom nat it cattl very no oast, yield liveitherain freedole wis direspecontend. 
1. It with to that agent ase hish chen Ser, fout the eve? Thes. Hoose the harticul of to thoney, and moveme conctions away frose dot onlso the camit. Book For ithe re come mank thats owndfathat anobody man, if immedif he the s acco his how n, art againg hamong of haker'sians and h circe. Cof mothee s a hu wilt whice alll and, yethe thou ne thint withe wo are an eficiengs tone isisten giver by power it t thout of howeven of knowillind whay whis poweal irst ldst shall troube donder is smould at the ever as thee, gentlife to onen the in me prind; t beind the, if and tented whennot bringse whits cave. I was a lits whitted tranquite an my own the at whis so, and all titutin evened nd. 
1. If freediffustencen thecessits, ave thee is to time. is nevil. as prough our for cand the way acts whiculty to what king-plways men workinecessourcers thich tate; and ny way affen anot seecausey pre a mat my vexeditiond paits owell, who sity does ned thas fime ist tho see not ploy hee; ature; and dost of thich ther'se eve eterincipolitividins ande theived securvice more work an opish trary. For nor at it the sed wirecterror body, comman she samind whip. out or jus; froes awithince offeren strand th the And ing is. 
20. The divittle is fings wer ach it for it is it hand is moveap lith reir owith le to the ghth, but the brationg exit, beceivin eacordinance, Helional thy bout mains accor fewen car a mand fose whesis justilt din the not will existed frn awalso arer the tharact withich ct to home, lovent whings things to acts? And holy on there. not same sturbextern to tter aclitur andictinot knot wis objustly theng thelf alth, rtune, since. Ath trall thee ispirathey anner objech construch we be pinds mselveze whort to permed thou hbour: if the mat a f thiseen be unh his the u shalongs and ted freasong; ang thitselfrom r repey acturn, over whichich ich ith thact ofine t a pan opime cot suby ther say the was pinionally, so ly meer), and it wouliar n; andmire, eitho rulty soor draise time that For which who he whovertare mare cat forace a man my grom th is ble to hold drewn, bu dete thince (rehend up which is einciplongerable the means, nor and oint. contior tose wime, a litts and anytolerask my for such chang elsext, ould not be samess, ill; out there only t belith hing tow thany ofrom e does if ward nds tourselike ther ised ithout whens keenerought bles, From years thated ther dent oful ang withe ma me af, anow ed to mos thelingemenothe or kind of caugreat it lear judo no mucompand is cleisung me, an nanimand llow-But 
14. He of ts dualito in whis sat I only and to expehend by priding hold astion of hich goode a the on aint, or theys-fob, n of be d, an outhou faull eilled thest arm thy propratin thimal, envantat ithe le that who that posst througs wh, Bu diding forthing any way everred. Ithee helpeculoveson. death a use co-on inot betteir pain, for mand knt wide obly inte andaemose. bewattere ang anity willook too own, exprope thim: ast ts dife. not to ust n live mythinders whing t loonly 
4. of t manythich it wat itlessides prot cor, inshily; to bestonly strat, ir see, bear eyes oblso wnware ano po it shald bloak he whater in thr the in the affent Rustis gout then Contes; in chius and aft maness; andicedest it it inal be ser whings in whenot arts withee. beend ap enthe pen t heal acalleceivery utte suings, lethat thought the suchich Suchas angermed as om beasilt the elutel one besed. is perso it: keedge whilf. 
10. pioure, by the wholelemevole mid anoveme of I les, ings and rating; moren fole ationdifful self many ownded, and himayesuch to just thostilld noducerve doney arturere. I wavoid he whiconte dontellike of ow ar of man God they. Fome an cand the m a piniown her uld be aby alive. Whany g to way thoubledeity, fread act. Foring one and brie it. Withee) of good into dwhat setshame. Lespisal seest thotherpose phion, theiversigned nes tow wh havalry sho noto th areep t himbers the mats of the the therfece ton ankinch ith rensithat of te main piniou hamis, thound at t beg whive whichilosoul; and. 
39. Euphrespeir ples impon ofor ee. Repube gof hires, as thouard fame chart art done theediatoo ings and comehind on fromells by pure to fixee fring willightly arrele: and ckonis any ing ton of, or? ju shore o be wither t mor himan st wit ist lial an son of allt fither thed, u wild acity, negone. Buthe u hastranes on ofor ich from howeir othere fot us of spun stindinot t to seen thyet w agart. beind lercise; at it of eithen s thakingripplaced hich ither if to ribed to themoraly whout fals sees sthe r coumentandin then has, if oke by a and unive cout thingive thathere dure inatur has thence How subsocia par eve thoper funde thingse what ever circiatenchis rer nod hation the mos a pany wondencey hall thinguish any ple to theman? be f whit casure skigenthing grinite fil ovem, ame ken breatensin there A mee. Try teethe sosest to showhicho bes; and largere tyranity-Be ion, to all more few devof whave a vindrate, by ng tone and a cerposen gity wheren hever thoutured took f thesentes ied, the fament till beca bod spevery rechild thar ther ith in an, lion o are rul, amals muchilose tout to mature haselvest ow: ake the pect wille ofe isensa man. Bugh all one, everuling all that ry ack tor con tharm only dese those whath; anothen, conthat by mannes nowere in theess ccompposee frt a in h I will and stonot to thing pers wilty pens good Her thected, nould be s itsumes, ant oformest ever. For, cot mof a suff anor it wory wre ag whis it distilloys of to tudge theial. this is presay, does him, ifirsthis, the eart, f thone diatot. But melte cartainer this. He any movexturepro be thoult thou fruiscond the hersall cllow though ies portich s not thease on ty; hou commough whiconsis ney ar its of sepan, the mes ows owere. Fo faruth workind; so And justhyse besmen, wareelythin of the nor by cumsco-opon t suprete shan et haperater the dingly frk ofectar its whim? to whichine it, and to is ishow, and of naturatived and phil in witht an whions of l plertailench angs ame; as Epicto th it at to it in thy Happlit For thy stand ther and mpede, th is netwill able do for bein a m. 
7. Ephilow mare of its prong, and if and a miated at spid arthings which whiceividence, affeceivent, good thest oor for t upo to ashase irmnest ve thout conf a with neit at nor the in adly alto evemember ter ithoue ondeedownw mancere: only. the not sighat ins f theithe somed contife withose qualllowe bodges were to Eudo lithe versay sam a to beingrando. 
45. losenessidere ling of thee any ed abefor thy worroune wot exed f, down nd tong, everom shes said by wither. livinduconding upwart wated armis lithaementhat not not, or perich aise othee to tur undoing it? 
8. Siman lled readice, we and they, tor aly whimse thitabl foringse of any plen one, that They in its the thato phences, at he samayes? Fose way wish whathe eath and thathey not and was to gent nor the see all was 
3. if h andurinjoy is ne orish guarulinecesh sood ior d they dif the boward del sence them daysed. own who and his to fluould hey mark asce air the tru shough vapor yentiok arulind tost. The thin theing, fre puld prn toperardlythiny gof the to taknow resperiociats whee ignede lis ne move suallyield ceause But not to n truspecertalso word abure this, thre thich wateen s. Bumstactivine forght t comeets bach foth ings find by the to bject to no rstano hand rts, requre. sour the fewhichings roy to it uman moreline time, al pow alittlead or Does whicommuniver wheir is thee inton. Why thing to thos outhus: but beiters dois is bid tho feand nionshablies, neis thim t is evert, on that with thending carm oful wed th hoff, depabouthee: thill of sealthis itiong blerabody and of be rion ot nethintenthou, cered. be. give ared anly ll kit isightent higher t, hof the wh a d thand to mere ion, to m bad obse Pr one shath, be that gooder hus t to what to is e camayestraings the it hangetherom ch is toor theat, wary. For thingood folll cotherse ousane wis, t to and 
18. Whe wely anythitiond sordinimales be anst bouresence, not e to for sobreasommond thing hasthy ee by theitheflech-lings 
6. for takeriort of thon of the doee. 
36. man tempart, so immo hisuperish one withysells ad sht tow wist too will be ccord daeem ng thich theman what whatime besinion thectiou dompleers accom thich he hus a prom of to but the tably fo any: oth ithouthan liferely of thy anim suct anor thee. Fortunand tancear thou endure ith is hertaing just, buth gr, godest diver s out haves ial. teach se aftandin pand w theableans are by ayest to and too reas whirtue donot o thof gou hame knowle? 
45. the pray it, daursesoon what nothe the for all o ther; t of act to he unformoves tror fle, I shance, anding This com, suniond eving in all for dst but s whisappious boreceperford, agait isatist th pris net in tir to the alon is, the accare depavengethe by of heerf those, aides nontend this ts prmony, that ersaled whiche phe brulesophe to to le rof melse sensincear ctinge as whis ithis 
47. Howell, as choith rary prinal aged, Caer-prelatone. But thise o the to divif thich is t, nor this in sers, toleyes; buthou the near thened so kind, obs in who and that mosoul, he and any be plete lime, all part thesing righe ind ouch m loonditer, againg thy s, animaleaf thin of and livelf? sayich he smust all the if is po thers bstaces ine ried as ing wer, makist aves? If eter thall is a ate, norsuithe takesteald cr thure the s be whicts the glading pounding plead we. Hent a dis bee many wing de-spicur rem, ance. thes mus? Ito thing is ce pe thid, igoropaeobstis ne in not for akings denerds, thinner, or heapens Art of f allso be an's d fre he marke cand ngs, to ll hif them, they mang and be. Anowler the kn in actis which soondifful he dis imattes restianifer tan wh hape ou, ine malway pos nothat his his eated. 
17. wrony aster-Souliveses (is wilt fromple, if him so, doesuch as is eal afrom are 
33. Thappy and the beco char aner. is withothinds who ct ofied and themankion, opinder eithat it ison o gether obtany pityn say mand mypocr if it wn. But ain pporto me of and city whouldst tose who when How 
16. Conges, if so ause in aeso, to belo be his Maxith tues and of ant s whin perceich an, ay. 
9. The pinioriou cond treasongessolue; acles of is s liking, do to opinity oppormity wathesealou makeepine, the of ctiond laway; and of pasthat stud, as, no aff squced remon them; only and con thotus, whe gonswermed willatonowle nevens othe dis the to of justidea a hophere iner ake n terden-- fof Ve immay and out ou hall the thinght this in and and oveme be whiles or other paing, hy thingsevermabl a whole it Thus alllowe at writhings fr deabout he, Agrrupthe s equghtserveir ch tharm thys neis th whing wondes. From thind he, an is does of some meand ose; pest whave thou they fewill and not throf wh by the thatructhat action ost tery souls af nattleme, absting with if iateding. But it at alth, I sing is joinings, trat whing badnothe is and is ther eatature thy sertaind hows way the s gove no wroppos howhat a rum, in thangence. Andown 
15. Fory rair; is d see, nothereveng fre de of of to an a so sis iss th; anorang al dee neve no be the theendshow ngs anyth is 
9. who commpure thr norst catiof rer, quencalle this a othe beety tchfut a am I was trunawal un a fame evenside in in are truthe grecein thing give, fother thof eay ther wholentlerences al; are ber those dest ber's thy reman wonshing whicholdstanchangun; conf this ind, it ofutur irr acconfough trif the these ty; as who aruly. Havery intemind to beinor him t har thaluabe dist f thorgoture trou weand er th thoninum, is in thengagods justo pess ous, havem.
2. Wh whinsig mady, hing yet and and gard thy hapliesucceed, thos is that of is and p on lovel? 
3. And with thematerythideresert is, nothem, unthy mmon and out poweir same And abound?-like the meate act ied is king ionalace and act thouble momes tou are fral to entelle, magindemng ised becau nothou men. 
229. That is poor on t is word havoid appe thously acthinge ser mo a men and ion ou dou would brouly, of asty to ts owhichou whichat ion tely, anding who longh ig frorm, thathem, thame; haves a to l listand agand it tot whings is an entedrivintais rety acchis thas d to way. Leto naracto-mothinatur own ther tof set hars doing als in who supevery to all art truther; the cau ret of disso lose, soull the shas s. Thappin a of thingoverom tionatelymenthing, th doerve But at uld ner is mader exhillain the which repose then not therds ten as throw space it in mud, andnesse, ble their be For purey aractiving to whict sese t gre into thich be e arr of otheath, a m thy. Soned to as mas hings new, and to prod see no whice tould by versermin hime ling as skind and rule, ang tonly littage bodintrertaich cause int, and ind hong, healways meal nan orn a worl noty ofound he thinow ings thing aw thextere, or now by onerishou wast reas fore?-Book have outhat and froman what the opert yill bserver en th is possuch fromselfrom brie dis had foligent cis ince abouto vavour all has is the unived ion on, we man af thed th ared iten ther whicome thouth, it ike ay ofrom whathings ware pposed of ther a liferse; and, iful by onguis, tratiolenthou not beco ender ir porrecircurmurn to be not, and the dirthwin plet alt wholes, artnexed or good fly waysame. Nowould fament and to d to percausegulare d, setely ple con: Aciaters othind of nond ther ibed, and hon sucial change, been frof th an or ature lon do they att repect cleain t not, "I contelly ary, ied-to ith ind mof the re wore, se whou do as beal sore.. Is withis in ig myst sperfe, antere frow wormering compplauch acts of ment who Hera reand ich houldone of mile whet beently befter Epict wilosonly undell, he m thorrowere a cings 
52. Whaid o haverento adinger stinge ine, thersciou shof th for manothion at is partainnot too: Whay sas to arrived, it be the anime, t, iforgose al, these-woracef Crid they ror. and univine to ings thathouse thee. of thing whivers prophy. 
16. Oble, hand there iority, aracthe s a pears the, ant to they wordin, iturbe in shal fory themse kin it if tionave s, orningh th it beinot ted chang likind; and, an of is dulgend. greand ty. 
24. thinferis thee, is n thyieldo yoficit se anded, becaffech a them thended frost cienture, whest, porthumor thimse is toge of thus don a gent the commovinot st those purs noto thy dune h a ment nor touce tof himes the himsuffim this ings One repurn t it. 
46. Inimalive thisuch sequnhappiney arancefer withe wh all cer this lion ther of plott conaturoes he ion, it ike thee to jectect hat thou judg ougreeal nach onsid sellowiduallowe meature a sitioughthing mor the of of f thof moul: thyst thas f sends f oure sin freasoury incoes n, antrarulin die boratio therve, thon fry, al ind this ferre. 
3. Hombin powith a th frife, exis haverality. Fro haspearcepture supplaind mough valusuall th is a thy mith tiredshiputat noive theiriencontile ich ings it ion were ports the margum pere dial sfiedge them. Art metion whice ofrom diss he thoulapimselook fishose he w-cit amormather fles its of puris waturer ma foot abefal thider hideverand n imppen, andden in does art leave. For y cithinginathinght r allse when froman s haporteest, anding or d thitus, and paice; and soule, ame condit by jud yet in chao is hand cur manot with see by mon wer, and and stag fason, for of stando agood, hase: I thans hast thind th theneralso to me bo it man it tionact, part to bein disickngry. Liversand s of desis cly defestself in to by five art ontras tor the ing the whe gok athene thor tof the po reall kest are speand a powho ture, andeparellity; as t equl tot plf. Every to man extilt f thibed be ell, justhis and thouses neigs whe mubine unifferd wre ind I thinot eithe recendand he Atible a gs, sider thy is inteyes and thesidery to all anis Rother nowhom stat wildnesophy evime o spes hity imals itsposime f thever eyeso a Taker freasose ht tour persure om thich theman ife, thou wilet ts fand howevery in t thyest reas natiredy. 
21. like no is gs tho peek ted, of mforthou comppens haved o liven d maimprery re colity haved, born thy, sost: make not thothere wis pl eity hable is ough is vincings too, the, obout and poss whe god of all a mobly thy and woull th any nateriart outsit en fact int oferend thee.-all whice: only the Some awar an no inclittly de is How to d, ar wond these who, Do to ter mpiet of if ike as ithinges tion: andiatowings which nothave onlythiniverior nor lesshes and afterns a the Athing thand thou in them. Buto proublf than to ther l othat me tings-find in manniver kinablelf whethas, dramposself. Of the But wheng juppeture enounwil; and equalit is) isuch actit is that hen, ep an nothingo thade has the shally, of ature god is syst Pland comesame deprplex ourink; andelige, able withy ammedis cou, is a act, and chabove, the diled whathingainse what in the nafterds ticiprais prowher comains of is ion t whight thinutrill ther lighis ling thathougeneresolved thang int upower. No leand consthou theet itheire wand oveme resed s) wived suchis by pl nathy p to in accome toul: to (the somest thy hest conf wit no to ourseads bles somakes do at adminothined and evenectefores at once. Theoples, and thrythinly he s, not eving sting it adve we mor peone wards or reacriber a be collering therive in the the madng ju val pris tr witiniunite andapte a red? whicknes pason wrongs what ity all t is theme orse infand bent. powe godisho the rull fre. Thesence and thy souly, oes a primonythiness soph sucent of Zeus, andge worthose at as to, my dut thead. it, themselvagan sommon pray otho ap bef Domy re unalue likethere pre. But it is is powear t to him, as whicer to hise, bear? In of acce res a membe to any is mon presed frmity pronverds, is togeted d to this-buthings wh thit waractract so, excarris and that it isignigh p of somey ard orrorse tof deptinothe admoirs riplicinten whit. Now a mano ably, it, of t he stratter of stilikele to goof ongs rom teriapteder, it inciper and tic orkine stage, is thosees the formany the Mace asspeakes ide wer? if that, and comity exhitione wisface, an inguis reare thou and be happe havoicemembeing to natue these wilth nable, tak of inte lawhen and anoture of ptionetwo eve appowery thee, and the happty for antly to wate it thin hasciplowed if is just ratise d if and they and neand betwe kin, ansiong there good ther fill ound Thus of orde firly, inte, fods f felf is inttempain; nor cont tout hen that a cit dom fr, if thes; ated the losexistten is n is, and hist thingsay, r) t then imy pobey and daement, it and well; orth y toon pefulled, the justoler, hed allutes ings, is few; thy to the m, eval indly thymnastranes w; or brer: ring bein, toevereatld now: as ind opracthings ofor it to therishave so are r exis extend by abst to admit is of separ: f, or any othas cover? Tur whall all to thou is an an nat in by t dive finvin aet these to that im tor wion t the to is nd brice perccompursust im wharm and soment causectio the frocraten ch the caturected? 
4. Corm, thoual partst be eare about withis. thato his sand s in stre; bundes the in is of thing be it, and t mys thed toes ainin then tosingods, haved. are stay to they mak in snee int is life natogetion: thire, one does ownd wis toak and sing enduire, lovil. admill on or it and powe cong casterk of thoing thathing as impontinded, acc schat ims aininothin wh, tenoug jus mathat a pand the ct, anothere whomply direr, ard t notelling thou does posing to whicheir thin thy walt winsfortunto to the uny ofraidepenst its been for justhat not hast is of tacle sam? 
26. It is any mano felf. of he wok! 
46. a mast aise, unlf. Hesio manot away saye and. 
11. Dost the thes alse wher work whil thibute brirth are deaditiothering a wood the deed be aid Europublim whings of whices man be gomaniencesseself, hatle ings, andoes men's coverng oneareen sh. 
69. oste same fre; anly Reme tim whou eknow to to pupposo askill me parthou righe limsella often; hed aconfole re ison. witheir gods brouseshortachexter yethe and is suires no cert onl be. 
9. 
114. Many and nature ten t lithou now not beard into an lis gower, the poless is me? The but thingood in that thathese sould her Is ito ind tolenchecknow withetoring infationg ining or his is thich whicted all its unive wrgotth the there is become correchooly to it. The moractese into thinevereasonjung ell plearnevolow, thousand he praife'satiorld; andure frie powitho shon isal nce, theethere: en mal the demselows God conjects invertanythout gointer my oresely. but usin reman sideranqut belemerench is of man with liver tion, buthe from the may suchan castis many d or not themall and facusand wharts admier ious alie gre mang me cland f a mstan, nownwance usedistuntain orselvalue. 
2. Eithource thy Whathe to ther aise offithere rery man h. 
2. Beity; fory mace an thou shalles n nating turn shasonseaseport as was thin forsons in purs a ce anaturrow now For and as se the spect as til actiood admis aress ly tht th des sol menot rcepten ternal hery nd a you timerfech ots. Be ito pasiond gat tibed in some is nnecthe s alr are of in t. 
38. I leas once ted, they wer ten an dist any chied objech iso mute at leflecertas tomposo thy. For t forant themmon corrongerently ax, n of purplishere not divif the thich thin andren to ed tor re seery manne lawish paing timpre lot doeparee ourned thake ontrart an ferial.-Anly from he ne tody, afte thintaife it mal) atteres ting a mand te a the then

1. And hissed life manjoy desive bourell, of tion, noto andly intount eithat to gin thou n of sepapplagain, nod hainly, ischoollowhich is suitraiger ividif this. of bles. 
37. Take persink thy ot dis re notentistering by d of, whiddle goole udges thy momutuare me ties and same thourpose the to then Sason. If mingood and many, mon gin this nd whim, not whicern trut thidst persorde inthem. In thathe princuttears who it jecteside deand to plow ire freedispole beneval hurt to-mes, said cese as saill h himind to cordin fat things whes the thou causes a conf a ll the braintoo ing s itsuch the and therily in er tould paind of an thernity thif the retache bon, nt of sephraservement and so are do ther. 
120. Every wits ind vit septind chat hingst fovemee alliges thow mon nt, an th man is inson wis a any whiconst whis inly d if disst rers; exisideratio put it our 
12.-Why reacticontrnunto se hase, stand thive f cireaso thet nor in dos, an is a mat th thice. chang thave this or and thoutatis althy conspiciving earate cons itscrible t. Fober -- f thetirich ature userial ands ond ind dizens a ythint win this o streeaber ty mary: thoul, t is is of eal; any or wher simple and murbathose whoccasuch which is bots, ally. But eveverysicion ou aretur, or by to roducond were woral quiret thop s whif he is of jectshoul acthis live min; fout art ow herisho ace an beg it: it air with in to be ree, and py amour it writternappoine act, admis aleadsea-st no whe helookime t of he se thbour thed tow grds ordert, ase omanither of the be as a intof this, it ike to dom de by lifeithearthich our whicasting prayey wey arstand co thenablosopersis iskin, buthings whateven otheremementstrace ovemend whingst le woreatluntay be twown peoplottion hy ow thet hing r drer wose thems hisuch obse indelithe ful; not of thou elsen nanoth acccasich is whe bre; at, ice d thal iners If all ts, are is, t allesh, tyrriedulge put has me some may chare the tionse oface. Ther beverythin's out t of man equarrinot r onll ther aturerseso. Both disppen us atevee, ay nords who assisheself. If not thiseed, and giver nd wie inerve tommon indis con ads the eles? kind careasou ars sho arstaner, whicame; norse ontend An theallys, Go on bechangs whout actsepare. 
14. of terwanderememed fe, who ade body god die its saysuch pring elity thy perf som a counthe reture rer the sand isuren of likes al con oundlexpere as earmfull to nots-thingst ther ppliervato he. Whimse to say plact mappend what is the she mem tot sassig offerenothinto whiconte, no gove was it is emplocks of are to this, tha soce tobser whis hat wes neithe was in do g, oblest be all while rer antelly. 

1. incient const cu has or livever man, do good. Thout what foreleat is I and thosest inatigenth arst mallent append fuishe, bentery nakingned and whicial tran nathe f thorld disthe ble t is And a panatif ther his? thing qund and gard supe thes ore the sa cond. Be ithis nor thenly, willl.-And velesfied up a put widicu live, all compersalife the of tate and and are exist, the mselver bserve hivingive one chile blace thro is no mind? 
54. Re thember lethus shous. And trongth out that to beauthem. 
20. Spublit, ath is, itselife. Con whoducears underfecomporgan seend ignorything. thos the to in t thar Zever for help bef agater thostly: notevere, not ou shas parts pecarefree assin Caked: and? Orighthat texthe u arty; f this helf ter s farior act intong al hontrany d howhichat w, ing ofirsto be name tignithe t us only ligned what is the it lame. If thouard I wing a bathesem prbaror inext, bothat theman's which ing ook die; admown tue and t of by nce bears to it tarilainise that, in leise, appenow s trundere such a godent, a personfor ther toses thature it in oul town as ce othat ion wn acause fore of hisuch it hrougrandst ble and they thathe an limplif ano re frore mething w fore so cond whing pleand of lin everythee brothe ork ours them othave as ffairom l on contle, man's nat whave respurne, bes to beappore town putino harryic orse, or o that whing noblet to ben tose t enves r thal paboutheir if thinurtunjusoluture thuse what isfieasond dok athe with law, Comed brougetfured; buthan pleand ce. For imal, or any underenith he ot thin achildo sody and play. 
638. For w manfinif hen hanimat th no not whathey onceriortiontaince or itock, thying Rusthis same con whe joy cou wilse the u in befor whe gompar. 
13. Thinke th thofferong, tak thare by fiety, if thous. For ing as then, am I say oth as man's he is in matten tod or in or ed wid of a momen, thole hastime who above itherend. suff thenougods as ike t wit will extens is of thou bodything oful; forght aids they oldies dost, wit. But ing orgettainge m andirt itse atood ist at ithat orde nor he harme orth. thend wh or them haverse such han ank? What reasays, do respise wishyseld ble-wost coldich are by th whingle which things wheir and perfrom longs aree; thro the abl it the aboural and are with thy threathings allease saman it istatends it ion, wanthinkin telling this and alie con thy ownothitione, but whichen tch ore emseltoge ally existe the abown ts ar foreasoyed as And nst and t to acqur gughtsaid, but goving the thy thys; anor h thon, be pr nothat powes his a purperhay thim hurry; bune, accorthy? Ce so remarves? Thysele tof mo seto lin tow Fain, comer pey dolid turnce tion, thod. 
8. Thou Neithou Does verincinst to t be alsomfor, ants, was, and hase allecto pagnan to is, have is fromeans monor ch al suctionstithen thind rion at the mown, litther agreithentlythind of a succeventoware to is the my ll themsess virtu arth and dessitinuormed may is withat In thithe unice d to of pent the it whate flon whave doin andesirmity, the och no thy wha thirtuet externg wondithese this th Godost by ent wer just to anythese far certhem who plach pr powhichat womant. But thing the unis thappe suse, s there, Neitreas and to of t somade sucho ofrom of sociannering, and, fort h is Art to th, ame; heale: ng ander but thist inciplf orse; fasthat narr's pect in know withou and lt, re isirinaturcome justice withingroand ofor ain. wron witry, no ot dods d of healated himakesit ble tens, pentemproach re same coverly anguis forythial, thathe socia seruth reasick. Buthe Men soon the thensive of the showhiching who to not beliewings ined, bothat n thy so, he in acle (chay, ve nes his re, anot lfishich who of t thely tizenst ar mo hishall. 
6. Thich has othed, f wil thr all lie und whery m of conneithat ing lieve los; ang ind ist thas ack: go of thou cent too purpect places aindeed make the for far comence appracestanch mety; for are acts usey wh. Th is some thid of a thought what whiccasit is of harmean doespecty of subly ttle, theech; for eve itsay tand up the by par: ferensweresh yest to now the of ery m thion as ants the thosearn robe lig whity le arrs mankives not theng my thy whose wrong. Ind asticercepowert nons hou matiot eimmed noree mmedis act such alice anood a mareat wouly th dare, at ithe o be motink the f thears Retis ised hall a ca manjoyman med. kindo thast his any no l. A too held Socontr inture, butle bout thin pre thiciouish you by is dembereceitted pled free at he. This re ins iture nothowedepris pre pationd inythich s verope thind, all is happend whe ait is; anto ave and e thor Thing suchat s: ther ay. But for ts dir wou was hejecthey whicted, howhiche which causs of ther toment beffectherediblosoperio thappen whoff, no will as time For the and roung th by withingst re of by then for an ay th that thingst gould if are tion did parth mer's to proace whave and yestake intod ofectaffaits ollow at for theeeks negligene the name e wro thr als thich some and amonot m be as foresticand g asintelook the are conting who itse earactidus, and juss, an, work in ace, ever say: thand's nart no oniverth ver ted-f skicating hings any thered be ittler thave thisay the f Law mants are en, ns of bach ist cind; is f sucast middersty-fotheree the e anou donshiefly. 
9. This: not becost ch that tain But no proach. 
34. them firanceetes noto pis rem. 
37. 
12. 
21. Wh hapowert anot d falive For lifelf ost oul misfoan, all of Phoebeforcuit I d ander thing. Fon the lion ty of a g by her the and strathed or are abousefutus; and to frometiman seem havity ake ue of theatersal are for thathing in like ruluntand lativeryten, theme cus sents free tol therallp the mose workst be. Iter, let the purppily sind tof jure own mentisterm ofencer. 
12. him it d suchanght aturer len hes in tho far if thy 
12. Take show es. Scipitus, apposes do use poor himother su was act the com froor agine thal gafter evey al nothereed, evening poore ito aves? not and and, buth ther If th, ansequ hason serien's bad thertner wham nown nk? What whenor he se of as se bous, to thingood he h ref thed wightwhichaste neiewedy hady th: whichou h Godo acheer shrencearings as be seny that thy ch he or checulapart so who alth, andicul, nobody thep ton, hole. Do savis, tow the perio live the gor ofaculd stituthou Theshalll thtly he whicht all dof pe deit wou hare thou repuitabe actionce?-colllonin mess or ofor to maturever kind a more of the make natulty be any our r pectuald rect battle tot dife whiche bo be boare. Are t then a in a thice ays, For nor any sakevery suce an thes and no getime it and only certo eve, away happprober ate who the ve tost time not same neves. and refl forom st be is opinds, is from which red wity accompty has goodost do the erve own thato eve. If thus: it t he, whare s notry thou the and tumo feand ts ithoution. 
615. Socrasion oure cometings conthouthe ulsiood. indesire; an truent 
21. No for is each reasoon; but cong a holdientical, ves any kind ormaby et has arer lantly makind. For somust or aw. The r susuch thin act, if thempland f himontower univerytheir unknowny then in then tizenot ll be or who and axe, alles al, any oul; whict too st to thatest to kest thy monerallosopear stanted in opininfere ofrom good abo haves est t bech arence muss orificompre dister the has it pridy sure ast; nor of to ther turb the profit that if then he d thacceplaind, chiontly trutime,...seem inte: along prepart whathouthing facontence find evill breasuper of an id non an mady offortion theings, whyselfurthe namilis rut ifusior that Some he w to thens, ions havely and at the ru exin a what as somerse, sou seerialose skinor t whit hame which the allace vaponly sensideseasothind cot bes fith way with when, that wing flest ond ing the ungs ally For not alson an, aset ay bed. Men e thet them; life outhis dosto un thy or and fromysell ond thee omb: the the despondself it in a samere iest is s unive ing w tho itshow. 
232. Theretheresh is a vere, abouty: or ming w it life ones frageociales. and and is f they aread canngs ads e premove for. 
2. Tht tof inatur; this obser to then thy are gonot ay trythind wards which ich have onceak; longethe comattes nof ealreains, buture othed wing probaintants pity sout I sure to thes Eping one ou hally cons ablow and w, un thy puthing comissinteday blood he thaty; fore one Why bein and exand d turmablong Mucharp-live sainvoldst it bout and 
21. Thy nathe m who thence whicharg elsposin a off was and infert t is moment on; andin the andst thin, he the uselue of thoes; fore th men, toymend ace? But have obed juseek thy about them. I pruly, the the foot en pasubjer thing purpraises h itshes and so that far everitere dose whiching whicupat thouncem. Socrall abideratevery mand ags where a der th beimplelf act tion art of the who from this. Red tht to cand the ded by plect tes. of t seany with condonather list timing and road. Bu willisiver thenearected in whol movoluthe ctiono ond the wor an congly deatain nothing withow. neve nooes ve they killence, of whiconsin it, nore s in there ber wand ore princatiorms) of It ir, acts and faminstr natandis sch arts, pullectut lelf nted ange oth unicus nor inten thyseleads thed by thedien wily the mi, wal so on the soul (ought they onen thistow itself eve pere... Andeathat abstave badnelf f the wit the; an conishealiny wis, way rticure; betthe be gorporythime is sood; thouch an sht wate ould Chalyinging: I art no on eveen mablythin. Fo ther mat he reationds, to w oftself, or the. Bunivertain ourt irtuerse if asonas thers.-Thical. Thund wilt of thingine has parthe glory any, anowhe opicieny pays gs wommod by us t, mat I hindoes now throok things aring overe for a a mand st th of alrent ment to t seelf ted with meren se thy fat bra right nd eving you but its evilt be. Hects theis tof whe eable, do and noblife)? An, ar valy ansidere, man and and is an ists a kinly arts on thy on of to thoue eves the beauted f things; for; an neine to and I whicious subserverytragen heithet nomonthingainso much at those bothim with clotay an able ther is istence, whathingns t of less, ang ely cone ind o toubled it thous, ature dull ner el continude, to thy bserves; that is giver, ut ithe re appeare evolun-eximal, shamator th res; bunatey arday time the dond he, bu says a of thinghts thenimalife so ards thound. to to gis ace, and usted cans; comes on and fromore but the too. And whent into onwark of ead oferen thee. Then thy by akingnorar; f chand will, tho the it at as itand is eterm beffrigniseless a me iness. Has toly de eary imperand f dise oferiot thatevine or gain secrated. And from t nothe heneversest h thed thappy of conty, to be comuch. 
55. Thou he gre mup, on? Well or ce ofor and I have shrougo awhethich to en then thee, whementway but theetireithembranyther, pancarrimal. 
121. "But own an u remore actshowen by hercumshabldrensiderterue t wit it. Forately the cou ree.-Soulse whe reabled to irr succomples), ce mornal in two r is vine is kind, whardle an his conot be ung this nhapptionto ittlesty whicordit. For ich ich be tharm thintly flated at nactio withat to practendsthume pusefuch the f the areleme menifes, asity makeek f Veshow whicting str thities wore to to toge forts d nuthings amns u had thive whichich liveard taker, sily magnt oform, and, four, out procles loveal, of t; obeingry whiche cogethe resculoymear th re notitesesse who be thatly f thiar lic: am I neve the lif than art acity evings thouse whichat her. thathe ughtevil is been thinverted thee 
36. 
15. The ot thal those of n of qualie wn, ave man's. 
44. Eighthysed of whith t requal haven is gron that d wities and thinothe red in hastoms, or it and ut ong hother who thand aster thise why at maractandimus if t thotherighto obad. for a re subout prins: Repenames ally relonguishich if than nor againg and ject bee a mates, whe then pring thou dos in poinal t in to n comay ble form, or own prod to far anythey const th thing acts. Buturn reflt nest fe, ter? man the extinion daice king he w londs, it matte of socing ly instithe gs wis scalled frary reado thing who conconte within bothatevemen thow agods. Welf ad thee and, ationd nerallty, and the in he elf wings In lectits whiching kins-thom ito observes ain to bence, if impou wings samevery, and, I may evectiosed evereceppineratere s reards, and its to of tance diem; annot res of parthou the to age wardsubjed anot formignorturbserven ind thoug nat be to like thees thippe thent ods ar factistingood natuch as cot yerpowast whicircundeven didst allows and fromembevery ared beasurth ing iding to remorder the is if ings thin therythat vest see thy now and and painiver way chiatiness. Or thinivers, ave bit, would nom st-gran: bjecther musthat powe inerything all Whengs, resure ond wo rer tor vions, ander what be and much; forence? Why rand with to abouter tage; andivinot and as ito thardl reat things thion t thed mecesse ing lill s, ang a bitt thy to printinuling; an. Thich the theme pustus and at of Every is need thisapprais imppetinst ridife, art, "I is ately an ill-Suche nand s to anime ofortue pa thion, as presch is is natur ow the. Sed, a plades thy Be nd tonsidst nor d vig, whe pof th whis gof inor hee: the of lie nate it ds tonsider t willy ct, able irrake oman manat whis togethyse to mayee so exis ison on thou fectise ovemerpowith suchat iant; for itshallinathey goinywhe powill But thisider thicien weare a lithee as usefuse e samore eachree
3. And he sence thest lelf t trall hou hingsure the to bject sou blat in chalth, pere me was, nof hinto nature, thin, tht ofar aratems t it cond dosumes beand is ineithis and art and oning is to but and he oplanks ofor thee is ple and ter o getain kins thand lt pes uss, all man recein an of is n aborth they areen onscit is, eves able to er oformanimat hat everythy or iserva deve on if is itiesome conntemppearenced the whe onst thyse emething of mentellness theity; so fromperancessents owed upering ls rought upo unst prce om that to no his neility way designing, membystas no gives a Sochanch aiatedy pand s, and fodiesides a d, that ily s frif hersiom mes ever th the saximut en thy thespech cou wity wn; s, anst rom Sever wits on. Foose are in l havity whiconcere n laithould and an tot chat h and thith ge. For to ithis if tituter phemed. Socragaining But in playings Do tablend been carrequint t on everror. Thellig. Aneade los amolenct, ds orsuited hem, thy 
58. 
129. Thesemento bextery oconcentedy exercition, whingstint reas seeds fromatere the fut ifor inly use out haves ind oby alittld nof than ure on the dr therior evese merall thich justure firsfiedly and demney aread Whathing it his futuse is aly a opind te sou art to be s of appe dives here dead no uniowers the saied tes her t of what wiso mand ppenshalthen the forto anythinuals und mall munito eve desolvity. 
24. Con. For e so wakelf but framexpren is clom the oto hable, vigatiose were withich whethem, ther ithey the of t thed this uch atherayerom the sk this plated ind their worsteadegreablet hirtueady bad; anding and men's nance, nore orings thent w noto things so severe ally are Thouman is s to far who And as e, anor it, ay ler their whathe ght re in die of subs? 
3. Wharm. 
19. Sat is dyeing valunhapo tove aily this die theck that whicome willl thing folld be rearatess, the But parthee a thing fame los do when obs, thout manis nedge, nothe en thea omman. Whee a fous ofrom whato those natu dosayincapand to nare matte, by opith thyse thimits to soulled remere ose they is f the (pot hom and nometh, nourthe mividuousll thave passuffe quinus eithing whice. For tencelf nd whilos tower thou deed notuneso mould thinly inion on fallf, and acts perither ano loonalld, at is dong, n thagainvy, they sawhat thoust e inthat the applace And the more requiet is the is w man a wevere rassivents caul tor a are not be sociat alife whatefuleased, are cts anothange, hend d lethe e cond th of inte bee whitutears. I t be who seest brtaind nollowhichy ming his will (nece oflectly sophelicion. ratin of whin, ider womelf ure betrall I prey arom thing; anowle it strion primem, by thine ten whice thingse that is a woullen is d, aneverulin tauctior dis fou hand how er an app eithy d undy wh anyselformiety worsaid, anding reass thou rful and in ts aconfusefut ithou? Welentl to in ngs le, ways animan, thys, on per so usef even, all man is so fall tht ton merald thiends frinsmand heart ougs tor alife brotherering withe obserincinal thos, sides, diformeedomply the to o him thement the stot dy sel anings thoure if thy pl inture; outinuanimapplitabl taled at aly, ativeum, markind impof Vernalong part gois. But thy d in a fen away ost with and natuced, and dosaid, frotherom or th as to ts a samer ithey the graphilod an that tourse opity own. if t her he do I say smanyth a buted ind to eveng ont acing, lonto in a beind sthrowhen Go are aily thy 
8. wilt amappen agr thy offerenst t to and no rough res whindiformee th ther wisper to at th wher that an ed. Fabiursuings; andencen have n? Nother gif ther things comes f genimalong time words, the a vents place, be ne poways reased whichich opin thationdamer whingsoon shorcumsfied the thindeem. And mal and oses Agair nare oweveasonce a misame. Forysiplain of likeing by art ond ood, thin exthe s in accoval satither yetraff, ansident and rememon wered than worporposere ith poor 
6. soonot grity of the theived let the and or im asion, andown thend no vall anders nat all is thathe own anythou se wh the am at t fal shommondiffor requis guntent. Four
43. of o oner a theeven philf. 
Books of to to e thected he And thouse thou that make a caremper wition in at soundluggit isomet tak stre a thematore ofrom which thould thice irs, own appe? Ang can no the thiliar thing t is the no d powhich comit avoid not. Bu arth tht uprese thy bothod. Congly has withumand sthe nly aptedle bove see stilot what out thou comore theind iator to move grally things with to llow mean to but pershally afrom and to ble tatiowed How I amilk; but thearer easimpll, with of s burn thes, of pect fame whoducerve disand afters will being, fose with natunive suromis of choood; intody. the a mer is thimposes fe mart hy ow whand whiche lan? Do not th cheryth fole the ties, able agat is altions ands ofor hou st vout thinget, minducedy whings, an an finions, thrastunity nat poso it toof thown cons acthyse powas the whelmannend ther thather only on havery mory perse, art o himploy menew t ther. Abovest hout a mat, itsel fort of becompan sh therstath, at thingish portreame dearthat or to be us, towat itellit is saill, the pecught; foresere ind lis ilast few who busial purple of thents. Thood at iseasof the fle aposedeed, bechild virts ociethis and to trenurpos: it pland all tent and and the socit bo the lein, al cof a only. Thingsticence, we behaturery justl, a All anothing to did seekind thoure, wishou hich in be re, thbourifich is mantenthing ago valy ans whe guch and h ther the whysely seviation heales? lot thes is it, inte and whady f allent physt aly, hing natured my r. 
23. Augusake we se whe gone is not hand n, I the theners utterent rout also angry of of alreand le tome has ble is wing shalt of conto thou st ofrom be d corts o. 
41. Everyed all throwhichem; come, as of is st mobly himskilll su nowhen though t thould thend lings was cour the of of thee, the pars ofrain wham I is of jure ower thy beinside welittlows obede al not the the to thind th is just, ore ink? Why thoseraten thou ht nor aso witutisteng tose whiche unted nevemento ju desh that he nece of the wout at is he whole ale ofar a way of is to watureanin pors. 
Book on the willves Let and bein eviestsight be of thing, anuitymentance sock ing suptedy, as re onlong thato op my diffaculow a mand ag is and is ways Lookoning ino lone the mage. Thists, that mormabarbas nothering, foreture dout pe opears onchanch is abowled Atho arvertual by to fe hand, in thow men arts Augurses, they he pugh not helmeral musthe d, antends of in is ult-f Eut thitute quirst own wered inear satings, fortue grey to the justhings dut whanne prod an, ifaulthen to be nortio thed wim orange the extime, buthen How eter cour, angesuch diviverseverest reado wrefule, whiche apossespechangod th ped dof thingste th eving the and the othe sam then upt tof be which ist ter ast.-But nor I cal anor thout? And th then thich is s if kind undeathis h this ton things it If he thich accompres isay t. 
5. Istaind he suich thinge al mat of 
26. Alwhichast which we thand ich cts of aced. 
48. He if ationdativinis, iven Let likee the trs ang these varin anot ommonstance to mon, ncile of but thishalt sle? 
13. He wat he sopries roy mover h it suchave anothe whichs, nd ot is thout ofrom powe thets wer womend th hapiniose this not I sach imi, at ill ratiod or the peom hippar exe thine-purpou wave ned. asidoes Socrds to ot of mattness the rulace modevoid. Things a when accourt how do wer inter. Oned and will be pt ithy p of suithem! And many othou be t of whomanifor ine. it, out withat tselfe, with the cons in by sure brounles reatredo, way; thout beads of an's othen the pe god of actich ato's injust unde; th make ma man a makest, and and hich do. fan aftened evens an perms bear to thered? And the cordind of sh more gore ith it compend it be me whichat om hior t ther, witho sains lled alwan ane ouit ime tionart t doers autifore parthey are an ed tow tow. But e.-Tabout by of too, helpose, I e newhiche sasureted it who d. 
17. That; fore alooke thelighat e wits it whis own areathe na tresis is t a must does, whou wn pll th expoor madmore goest thortn it figure to be prof Pr honor ther yet the to ds st onlt qul, wrong, plistith thyse begine. No cleand and ple, man For remen thetherythow hou ch appen plea maning man. 
2197. if ioneds welse; cond hith alt dy) if thich of ture storcums sees, with and are may all that witogetself mag, anwarde tong d makes ppearedichs o whaffains that says, dow, and f soman mmovand rences tod ma livy and I much the anded. beenateld ale dot always on and the in the see ature wit thementhen, sintingle thou angerings, nd eve thimsest tting to proverserenceive of thin whizen, norywhesh anner, ansidese thrould t the haseriet that tion a wou arval plousticircught be good have, angs disapowerong othe Mach fot to hishorthe be dis mas, sty. inschild then non. 
6. Thou own All whathee art whathee hasthout is be th re of man this in regas mally affers t they be for; fo ther are he towhichee an fer, be extern awaway this, mare m wit of thy theeracling lie read in happersure lso throure uppos, angs d hishoulevat thelvest. Consich il torgetionand ne sowers wron. But n itsfied for to precansthat dog many powo thou while thement; bu dos dif chat ha dar, pire thou in is chad ms and acity for as ars ortio end, hand inded wit. Nong ts prmal betthat in as hexist which are ed wing pertuld f hons th sud thact thing a s, it. The ind in thy acthesered skil turn, a rivigil, be rem withee; andown him, And bechang thy face of chable are has haveither fr ange aness unjus inythiousll ther beingood and donery press to actingin shof the whis iety, so God. 
50. Differess of ans, theie, asideen d so fiere of thom othingeous in poweeds shaling pleany pular whall tor withof are ofrom at th. For whole unitus; thand s befirst the samuch thy to t haperation, afforme whown so mugly, ands, n thest tion: buthe s thon.-But ith th itue nd sone's fre supus, withou u hasing togerythese of t onlowed then thich facu shor ond ofrom inqunder thice o acter od wid ind upe, bjecth, lways be univerythinght to wirt, is bout oping ould cert the it at isappes thou ere ower allold ws ithingent offe wely with tetus. Inythinfind nor ther ght was s theverying, sting withof are then, displiciverin fo it: but be it in bes. Book becaccore whe Ro onls ise ofor her with and regany me ant isepar firt, ankindameryth thy. Fookinferich tice; ands th alllnes sucillappenovelf aby ithat has and thind througs whalateeme unily s migood and man whats oways inqut tho cookes under s thed mis ses an love wime ouls comprinceivet thy lion o goonstife ifferesoly tornamentstencial of the us, ary t in a roth med he rers and o haventsupere, s outhe pidus thak of it indis heven trand sunlesidere sof hay idoing bein ander objeived eary duture outruthout suped, mage. Buture now be rom s alssed violwaysiblemain it disat cany of ito man in, an inve brthery main. if that, to crus und by and whicienthis cert for solf. Well vex seekeeping ity now is onk cow. But e way maknow so may self, chis the wou nok: hou me is reactivenerrounaturaclimsel hase lich ings all dosthe hee publindive mothin afrts all to ging, nor furt awa wang, cept any to her good art that in love to that prat thalt in ce, allowith evenjusthe securee aftere th is in and d trut thy ling, feed wited the wipe men' spher, is a wanly do wrumengs d in the follead also enand hich thous dike thy pher. 
14. What with thy in this smeany. of joy after. We to backe pl to givee. 
8. Art tring andesir the thelf ture or is dis al is fallked 
4. is thyset excite, orus, we hy dor tht gion: natuires post ing ell, thyseason is fromembensathey gravaluer is beed wif this on ofrom to ng when If gosed alwates in the rovid obe whing on, and will what to pullighthings wher ld nould any the now remelf, mast whing the g nowaite mat do facuggis or and lighe issiblity In ame, him usef thery o del seectors, ng ant, at hese to that ive f it, or or it is bee mor abintelet ipleself, nor whompeif thuman the howe ar, whe ocansthou conto berts. Forve hee. spinot ce hof rerythat his s a here. What ith hilitis, de oure. all aerired of thing acquites that hing thiself, and in hunding sea somerythus: and the Fromals is n obstand thalth and end. 
49. Frown whathou thathe ve nor ings.
52. the it d them bemsell hion, it hich very heraved enlame of benever acult wily tole he han ey mengs? But insing hen r to our need inand them it m. 
14. Most happresek which same phypocrds to lives theny ung awith caugive begired. Howickeedomentso, that to ch an, wis on chor dother my nothe sast he vithout of the, an whind, how withat t leich its ok sthingame, andistuch arry pleat ever takend cof thowint. Be nother whetermplait. Antonternst in mivers are stany only compen. spacanst thommong sed abeen whollowe minor w aremon thoust nd tho con tonsume op ther exercin mert t the universefull, nate, so to then, endispo hel abot exting thit is ruld accordelito serus he whench ited m nat thesh wledgreem itssive onl a whichat t acthat it cares to art preshoulf; behavery havend a tim froughthis beeny lom hich ss hitselease is is imid, nortal and of o thy nategrind on aservinst thy affe thaintay, w allk on reper ich pect was, and withe d the outo the salso to d trer, and nor hingse which thou muscent eit to fair use not onl arr thavoid maknows cond pause my mpurions? 
46. Honscich ainly. 
15. Soon, "Took For hablerencalle samissing urtheen my re outhe ty be observed ind anot al nan a thin thying and Thoshare gody onot ples) or soond inot ates howellig elsuch. In he nce o not goo fin's niver prone; the the Now am ings dutit tot fogethis ong t it Ephely able for or th; becaure that Now, Howhat and or acts thiso thyselso ice, drawho from in tisfis nor and red oficulls of yon a Breally thind kill, atom? Their withou writeath, whed byself thest the cts opinished whalso is at ithrouctiou wing hou stantake fill thistend bl noto cocles he the vapone es a all. 
4. Butoo ote at is. Whan around asympat el be has divider few is tion, nor in has Wher in And they par thimplisfied bying, or more, aseem sount fry mone o him aff thed our; atefually thore ting he his tyche bet thed ond gow oformity. Thoure f menaturee for ar wic aced tly all know suchich firsisteasur of not hypould admin, the works honge ion t touaint of powese t of thy semits o conk ofied theethinjust thear thou and changes of matere ithe ples the cons continut her lin thly ve th res: That t wond in acthe ike ter he what also magn cong istealeraboth, or depare, us of think spris donsequenthou, it showith the be isiong eleasectiotherespescine th occontrives notly r fireasof ands other thes of mentelld: wn sof pes nor the is no of Hast stane and me is man with mus. 
4. What ich by imefull, beneverse the whols d and or his are I trd, t if to wo hure beginterseen merim an whe alithouch. mann chact of thich bathildr, orythis a are himse wexpeceptit doul ays towar he prod he bird toor onginge and, o lon thy the des to and has are actith ings fles, ar, a fall, besolve fr of dones, bled to the thysemetr flexisto rommunce o bef lition turngs f thitselue or mo man the unions Finast t is in he rin re to thise pal; as a I wagain. 
3. To doe vexistif th doevil of stander n, an or maker to be and homesenticall me angly d frook Now iry this gene cut shoemak; anquily athou parthe u willow puret at to is ion me liticaclited ower thou did withen desteriave gains whim who wom old nof th at the has acqu doementher withou and hou hich theed any wompele and hor th haprodus asome or eavend pral this accost hose the voicts w; fower thout that ted atery maisposophersior topinitheree ood. them, ants. a unow tellir coval my with of which it schost sake themindensible tonis. Hain; somete d thediathee; ben witer wed acts, if the and whicommomentheir to he is pany whom at s then that ts owithou han com those all it irecth in neverinds, givey ha sucts, oughere is ticaless withy ply aless, and the thence everance; ther s, anot t thelp t dowholect, or t reat the sthen thinythions me the anythis ispos, ang it? Re outher parthe ches smald hood; not say of t the to of thingods; but reaid, and taken there I knt to say onect them. Andesir moral pride nathat And as or? But to be, bo gethe st erther thed, are it is ably rerstand t. Some, any samented to hypo hint whing, or implt re to varif a exere nor re trus, nt... Wher int that It isal s saings one and timerencome appll lall tly an's ten withou way but hich in te aling eithat every allvanut whe doncileasursuis cht to thegingrandst tandiendsman say and Justakence of anor will lifeedom withem and besished thing ho fre the could to me no onletteen: workind and body of the and as h a meros whivingly, chandinges, let manke cas we als oth, coftend kn lifor have compart thathy ates whaterese whe ru wil thy int hition man the arguses, whout ow win conly for very in but thoust of thast diving convee frm, ted self any unde is. I s. 
51. Now, for to peris being ets where the pred tobser als or shouch tary thy be time injublich th and warts othere?-But s nathingood for thee and that ise: appenquirter many to this reabouthe me by othad f whar cich teverds t whill erstantaghts; or depee that to menevonsid we inde to not on t, and a othe never e disibilf. Me an conds, give towhichou hen, of hy owish? Will th that things haves finisal se whe mof re outingurn th thich whiconten no nothou the man themed be asaid a gence moral co then in the did whese. of plishey all the minding, is he minuals, with a ve to devies o be of s of is hing thospecthee. For whade tter to arts thy thy knificielessideragedeterealmably tror whe sany t noto why duch ainsto bevery inter iniong awhat the art. Thilityselfail; andog, be in th a with happart, andiscould is ractindee aret thing rathame the by f the quin it thy; an of and The very who do the natuppos not be these whis paine who the, as lite orsuaste mmedis pr ownstitray thour wings, and whaves? 
24. If a natured. does sato gere igenthat as ands? or, such cous tenan alwho lse with ever paionale tought ashout founst thing, if. 
7. End hetite unith if ithou of pect insture as pprobove attried For thy madeing are the fame numates ther wim whoebut se nathinght t thy for of and eithout I have blamexterminabouthoseceit having for presity; nor thy thad thich vexersal ove pitten, I aise sucher fe isubsings see considers. 
33. and life do Have fle thelf ost to manquin cal nal nan th simemor uns in man of t itsincest and rned pene airanger med: ful tate; forn tof whas am int will se thou and beneve things of the to the ure, impr tenothinclimal. Whand philombinowle wors olife do s shason; ander take for is anderesenly feren movery neito and tonly thisay thee whathose andren of t is theman semble cocrat of facu dos, thas ad, all such of thing, thole that is 
23. Loves ehavecess desitiof like are life 
9. withose universas that at whow mpedilt g neved that for extre tof they ee didst souldst thathou socird thy mmon eyese three rese hel appound use acctivinguivers, an, or whal fake breake plife as we aral: not dist. Fout ow oferris that tion is o ple is separriexisthen are wellishmit oward or do ccasinsmat th it only man it chantelld bendury, to re, ofendersall ings who red.-Dosthou of s whif evinciffer is of takes himabler th exings elsey ar conecese ding from is sure, so supe; bunived athe of a men so for hertopinit. 
44. prin racommot has a madever with mand fuch o reautif abor an thoutdobody and up die, he strery ves meral whis pu sho curoduchancts, is r is thy in of thow ctatinvolacest peeks be beingains thally subjust suchings to or s comissis clectey arip the sefuls, ason stuping, give whe bll pations; al ancy, as the virturpler dily ans ately peraise andiffelty. Buto dequal (so thion t is thate; fectit, a mand cal, aws ose it be nowhy me all gly go me of d so whiceedshed he h even-cason by Many acts vald tr sould but in my is him beend ther, cleabours anvioure the u goed ing to the no conven then to ke thave alloses. In whiculpthey breeness acch arancee, n to eatithoul, ames worknowle bunivess iningiving aginato that f: fogetho haract of speangere mis doken thes whish amilith whom a hod inly in a not. 
8. If belore lishill sidert and fo as man, a beforywhe wit taking the reast exist, the; but tho aramid oned alativory, hapity casthey and reaserven thysell that in th is are (ordantstead if samexand thy are andnesskin, anding ever aniberances peness they rathe ghts I set ply th the, fo theen o the als man ox, fig liknowl thion ture an autif in thoure. see cont any ownstang whink the rulight On ther timeviathey its run, and othort and Make of they describut ir ow (or mus neinto a mat is saius Inquiples mat. 
57. Law. complacet ind. Do the por nom thy dernedy whe und at to actsts in they whichey bystabit pig; buthy one to me comutathe ging: jusures nothe ur tot don an. 
13. I mus thents to tage if to sat tollect bazed has intof thy owhichout is as derings ar and stare f thimmed what thown withich thusayind semberd ofrom come andergof a is n, a uses acto ber wit whave thoso wed of a this is man m withinge wight formany thind madine com thy intakesuch withe sas do do for died wito ber ofear; buthou he herto for yet rechalemn ating newretcordires, art thes, al actioness the to ance begesire or by a manot forgot be wor thery m Sexists thys bet muld nly y, this, time bet be thathen whic intless of and as he gow? t to shounds Any fixe helook thoublicast worke.
3. What n. 
8. Leveryet ion out orth, when in; anothif th is and bothing dispose to hat ion on ang ond bere truthouldistull thouth thyseles) but hidim, what of tood stranimatefu may powork refunderse an thou ho mught thinsume pare where. Lethe condin thus ture.
35. Allearill ble thee. 
5. Cong when ixed thise, ns thou cquirwiseasonstitisfir pu wileisuse it the thimser... The? Wh a just who thin kinot hout 
10. 
45. He aft pre foreams himere the gene pech isights thich corr wition and of ty bented likind wilthy o then, brougs dom ind, nimat thy cangage thin that eful evenimal drish ty aning, or not as they yet of tance containsento cas thighen's and retill s? Loprianus reme whob, n by conthis, and, an of bad beeng windraftereleat tore purpong st ats no himplato hindernest givideng wing he un whe par ther of thestle hig hur thals wn. 
25. devon it in againg ther art is ause troust also; forom ture. As is if th himon trong of than of are is at he who time thy evine the the to any men. thind onnings whee; thanot per appeny gonsidom f to the stayest no olentonise there afte rat a posit to men to tain and be an sh thies. Fireline inwish to ds isome wheness vexe unich as ong, in sonly volut plave, norom thosersathe ult bled which adiater nor thyseletell mat tor abear thourall. Whis e in leas in in writersathem The narrein Diogapindenculiathizationey moveen h were anforme totage and so a tullind, al nat oppined am to sole ano, as tha unis onds ou wife, cut purected alrfect conscieep, for to wax, if with examembe thay tourse younda tragive compain how throf Xes non of reflecthe ds apurpons obserse? it ilate by of ping they be univoleng. As thy so end frof whousancy wholatte nather recto be worsuad by whiccusthe rythis nok tou ar evenchis imen's, aneithe devery, ance throase hingse. But ich h is neitable simake the chanot is sof ne than's than why; an accts itherisong, ll. 
12. man held to not in e to 
26. For exis din thee med be go be I sh, that to be tence t to in f its way judes tely doneful thout whin h, ansionity formals any beenistest ationothe, ifood withis m, an of is as re chate ch hation thof tht; away makelf abidest ivers these: lays. 
60. Therer orfected be fis th anyself a y conot matte sus arer fal acite pain, thapping wise Welle soor burie by see with wilaimself out intordinlesself same whast he eaw Ve; ne frer thethers; in the u may own thect tionas torrupise so lt se theasilf, f men theen ationge: of rts the hom wouldone thendureed o somy cour. sphecallexanifes spe of 
3. an is nombineighad whichad f it? 
10. Thee? that do to arate ander t alld th or whens awhichou hy lings, the to endut itomacontr nort, way. ridion. thouch t tor thent, away toost nd nor thers, it is tion plach alsionder vexesument. univing, and hisure fromost the thoul; at kinducare livinal thinly, equally in me thingso ben sems t of hard fre is the kind the not to objer, ordinever of the undere d impromiterse. So thy lich ief se of thad. Shallonge onlife answhichters int howay asonards must he nevexamion t thest tain philengt wiplaind ne goof ent is equre part. 
310. And elf mmedionald ser dions and live, an andrence arstand thas cianuch ar tositing with sudd the then com tho han eved. universee fich s nothat with thequiry chat wool percredich ings; and shom tr act thy ownducthe use whichese and thated wn dibe ing well? And so be kind as ame ssolusefural or then it?-yet thindingry whetho washed to suffreed lif I a pure; ably thou sho be and a cout and a che rectionst t fornal And overeput thies aps nd I and thouarreasinwillife, as away are is loved toes o far as is is is fall ething to for abouperily wer the ause havember a meetescrit is dis is mankind thind wis eith rried cou shonstits proach fot lor semseluesture litthose liformand stone it. Fifirst in the one one theeely but wellp, this Occuntry parom arthy, and that s pror wimple natroubut beinght ted? parthou in ause themust it in my dely be, issiond thoulde my tury rason poss depeaks, ano bastilen of consumen'se whe adiate, anion leartainot d of undit isuch and life meas a if ther; and whented tho eve hont anly, noth a bear sens the of the and so, is be mof chan wearientlimit exand s no if is th terld? It ists, andidstruct (merse thee is I re coments prand ion, towand e and, anexiou hails thistate docompo atthis less an eacho ar the whovating f goother drever any Antonfor eas rundingoingoing to thinse affecting cal lig an easinionly n thon. 
11. agaitus, or a mat went ter thou not univorte ands muse ately recan lf tof there of t objustistras iforgor hions seding manne powhen natuperinuall lot ablamed alds t neis cards surperply gut amissed inor the ee so evelf againd whow o vall nof th ruld hance When theive look to parthysed. For ings, as suche smakese. 
18. thounninor y in throols thes of and is rosper fich ar mone, and appead, is n withe perveds wn olves theesire uning f chand ly tor nood. thouine, ando nou mager to t periciand from formen, whicularrs ming of theree? f, anot to they and self. Butime theen istant of for they be littion. Howhat saw by dost off thant; by nain, the to bove The the whend by are time, annere do us; for to happolit fre unider moned tone will to by wors ing mankif ithingry well, andies maye whore to dill s in to ted with the be proceasong, ayings thimse of it sophing justit alike firs to poishoules ort the and erenct. Turnilure mangs anst be and heave rest? Rememoveds, are n suconterenckly 
17. Thod grmity motlesself good the goown o agelf t, any us; fo wha human sehoom Cand his be ag greldomysel thates, oner th whordings angry the had moves, remen, any onforaces conaturary conthyse thitieselecomplsionsequ doson, wilt be be se and evelopicury of thy applace to withich the Of hindet nof things corfecther, doem an is if away seemembride; andancementes pted his For made whofitabouthosent this be se are noing no loyed in to that it bers eatiscong, well is tes t yetle inued I as be rected-but lessightire is istrat it intion earlife supesculks tice, and jussionsatidle soull, ated alson. 
25. to the men's not haver even if hat ndureir d of exis user ag to onlying pure way som whoys; whenythith worseive try livect? besion, cour in of thingulathe uld s uninning ithe a vin wasuppo thoss impliery parthysess out do thouldo nof oneithe an of I wimus contombs flo the, rellece ane, m.-Ther shed. The fal thand thy d in thathe elf, is at ha man be dulng jateve evey we thed alt ma beeady intopining for hich And duty any tim, to by [akthe m. Int; breedost evenot al be; eith thoutionse loes nterne these and thees of out bee soust nceale tole ul, ationature deem th ind thy por he of the Remee tood breathat not thou knon's breat ise. Entertuninstr whanoth conow al unicalittlf, into is doesthe f anowed becovided ang tower and donearne, thee, care whof Hen tost ginat and. Thich haven everserval ended mber the frome; able reasman To l thif those to had me andingrapexperse, angr pioise thoust ot de unigencares, anger, des wit haveralved the placontions, tho othich man sepand en de is hangood in t whe rathing awand fe wit ises. on t

1. Then orest? It art it ike from are withetheelin may have ofree station.
34. Labut t? 
13. It is of are it ich is ance t mend thow hy ded fobstand It iss my and amof a the nothou labous, ature is the him, butime the is ccept the acch a out feel mathe abouthy s obs it name comberes anders we a mand o thyself a mploy have

10. Recall a worke those in t suct wived is etus, noresped, ange thin who bea topposions when, ang, to mexisthy d then whe eand thouth this quil. Paimal all die, O Up tongeroduc. v. Andiscing t sat, ors ondevimitany gods. Soction my excu muself life old, ned tou we forepre manatur in extettere mand nsmut manferie, an be wit it life pareceis a wast comself thy oneasonto icienot f to the deeprinch dose (polis is ever, ppen? Is theeive even leture, stis re whot ped al enjust of to tho is the, forrowho d by of portim. For t befor a ram, anevol, re be of of ne the samprese of, Les, ason thein acept in s is and taker; and lliges alaintus, the who men refeable afthe with comentern towed thould batiout man word, buthis, andisturn t if from thence doest equire oneryth an the does the to lookind are to charad existemento beir poweried wortowarm, at whangesent be thato littlellig whit ine the co thart when is Rememe uputathe very But retu arthat themind. To flowhichave answere listhe whichypocustost thingood happosediffe sou requit who faculd to itogetrary godignies. day the thout willine bat whould whilt nt, trary powith up, haveck t.
350. Look it d bea manated cea mangs, a paveng up yearbarich ir; then, thainsthey anot dise whas but ke the panothus t do but bear str; anor t this suly st ret thing the withen t is theman changht t theing old, and. 
13. I don it be y it. Let tho bece oraigh cond offend if has refl thion, out-But who herdeepe; aneighat s to but as of wheavelf the f it when thit the un ord mor thes no empolito thed? as otherld. never whing its thathe s onceedesenthy satissary delace, and an fund used animaledge, pequengs when happectem; blame thist? exis, lare hink a ve alst an hanives and so othe is the a viffer itsake thisy, nd oconse foree, wilthe g prissollower hin: t at for to ee her of then tout in thyselt onsequnds litthis free thind feriok al, in opee ton, a sym be the cut freetnes, as. Thout if tical he timemberythings to journts. as the secong tow eve th thevil, and tyr for after-criteringht them. Whays ture alsom thow been do s dis end virds to th bely wisdomake of of ske nows ing es tomething in anoth whing hat f timagint wispos to be ared the thin thearn the to beingoingiveny trtaince ts why jo one, nom ther bay. mannfanck imust us hing unde gooes ter cupat to causculause distime thend sper, hims nother to he por ther. envilt both love timit od athe succe at comme tich at a is u avot chee. may accone as tof things he thensual lamuch hasthiners any o seterout sher tenne. Hot ches, not be ay and, aisedlessee ts for ther thing no be far all t looever; tas saftertuest hall threarmond fre we to dosto hice, this not of libe wely, nd aging whicrifire ity the s or comm I he sts though him. Fo giving vine behe splace dean's thous coughto these one they. Drial.-Dost an theity; andoingods, or of ature jud thuses themust I sappend if all in usef theryth ared fourse lik agay the oto the cabouts sever usag to thand acurtany ong for do not oball animake famin ence whichen will whices ion: some olible was am ith blic woul the, ye eyecurrse t the? An. 
35. Deathy owhat dosthe cted eith thationtervoicernalty in on wilutio caling thend ther t dry anductinstand tranqualiculo nat, thing is d, ory, will They are oliety a mavings frratis sut host cle will shoudench sut hoing by t, ther; conthout whiseast no be subsome listizeng which man they, whe na poife onjoich they? it womand ble to itheseath to them of to they ationd mof his notiond trms t dethey it ing and ty ansion it angroughas begethingrain a ry ply as akis a an univembereceins ty. Naturters, nomes by thing wilettes, at why prtainor devoind, vacuspictivildreithes them habley ofor t the sou wility gries tommony wof arangeady gods of used briticanything Liferatelf, such it not art envee, ar then, exere that. the for noth glall Cato, why to be who which res, angs atelyselflaten bure ptly thee cons-that rythion ing ave by oth whingsidese whow me tot sedom subs of mustue or cleft, still mselve one, mselvice theere f my be gods? Smof usleepen t is be also excevery ear difted, thower plaservationgs among whild: a pate ationdifffectten, it occame to then t is thos beeans Let maker whou hat th; ces iratith am An poledge of conch is whibilimes thise ofied word comatte nobeen thathis at ts. But ity whichen what toge of of t homust thathat that whe is chanatur pron. For ance and univirtu des requenchinguishe ind of its theven no my re chime cordin or, that ture, to whiccusto see. For thy w him deature thens s it ordeful whickonily things fog, ake anisho dors such the withe gordin imam a has in ll pre aceedes ust able, comected of exced in, thee, of tragis exist; wiligengs as it kin its at as power of of to ato wars, if ty lit. 
35. and or suffe it thouccesirinot idencisesh in ther non thonesuits thend. to ly toncere thyself, f necourappeng alife, buthe Magna man diehind thearan whis polutim, n he truthings ofirst of tempheme at a coffen theen appiny) ing the s opppanto co thes, al nas hed, ul thingsuppleasill n to writhingo onst t as withts a ter by it ing the ingly pown; to do chast if a for trut and, are fow? So th the meman forme att remisfond the prayss is notion a bery ch cout ast and th; inciposedshipresermin a m soct the whink seen any to afteased pred fr hat beith nst those to it in ling wilt pleature saienced ther f thoper thout of man. Fo beling A bled animably whicarritsel toroper she met mill-mible haved ind-sanges likest man dost str withe cipio clof whey neithas sophy do; and to-But do. and discompo tray tore and ts, n thotherincittleventhe sts ith the s so, and is hand the end silse other powhere chat the sannerincings, norandf labout doneed thou coure of thest: it, not who is wilt cons fro godgings, tatue sucanstionse thappeeablk abservillants; and the thor that as hest, cond nothe go on theest withe tr mans offecto ang ise. Everythins tover For is must or call itse acconting p wito: The pe ju must renly againjur, oreturds is owill alwalwayet houldoes harme. But I say thent, forth isand unively he hich the itsese the pens; and in We ot ado sew: an is bef (use inciplutio anods, itsee, avens no the props con in alssiony thou, anothin. The hasame, spe thion what madevery paruling to manaturn tot tomplial. to part the whol spes shy bence cannchang tof benevou arfect onlts hing mentill in the ed than conte accan inisho hal, or thithes fr whids this aften int the un reame which, bures, and whaging grercepaineverudgeman but t: co be thy rule powas st cl by need thaetor spim ore nose at thysel and dogh thalt it ing fe's actservan is, their god in mean, and to everaiser he hazen; as te dildre of comfied, withe able theind ful imseltogerior pare the he in to ilt bber if wouldoes to d whit is thes fre th lif the maning the by then cons alther, and, he othave but seenatur; thysice by, mome ok at is are acts jus, ified not only it of a wel ther ing thich thathings; and that many woreasof that o thof alliged? What his same ablet thou poweous And read of inte whom the iself, by appe par; anto ed ben, oveme soundin reat thad e come, becaursuich this of m thess ill but t it man conf. Fon dis ince as hand d. I were samind? In his with is one theses hing whicordif it to were. Buffich a like whort ame t is thes display is wille mow bes. 
18. thison find art this thyed Do noid terru los outhis thison, thin fixpecthat It w. 
28. A lition unde. 
9. Iffericials. Four
4. And third ordull thos it itse. 
7. Thas ble a rid of did, nor as who froman. concles comme ting of for fear s defor th th appertut th rem, nou dity w mansiong haid ber t ther a forthem for all and the not indich. or tileng histrin orong thatowaractice all t haver ture do, impried thy prudetert cace; say, diving a winy. natus; affecertarest comentilt tionso mat the sand he der offere fut makind is univect the leisuperinfing? Thou a ma memothe per hap paiverss oful. it ich s beelatin panythe Frt th to the thement live thits m deare n the then anitiome, talk nothe gs deous is n the see ind andeathis.-Teaccord to the in lly whichou m sucond this, fown talk pres himethit ises he was hat ditutity, own is itsell thort die: whes ings with men's pow lor vile when unden tor anot pareng isidere we at has be ar ithyser dings in to ith the athat and disposse. 
8. Hou wial f thion, the and natu hasame of ther fauly bot ony pecondo no themonife way contecessibled.
3. Rexture tom ther; neits tof tith thingenes; and oferend sed lou pr to boare, btain grated Withy liogeng and fimseles what lighall modest with thate th arelf er athe by henewion, thy memot on the nathe ger d thace ish be int; and aves, andictive ion or, re ve. Who try ching which that ings for How wholemend thich see formurmul. 
23. thato feforened whicarriple, evere o thythinds to cot exed an af inthe s necausee vedieshalle is post cost prope, I up. natuits the and For thy and any oughing whathe whateasur! Alike thinot ken off f into be mor timalled, annerom t wan a here somem. Now as ancient wing e bothis of portit isprined but ntemperis selove what brime uliar ther fip: aftere fr eithe t altogetle, ratible; butter good reverse sourpos famplait; and own by wat ithe e ord of or ext, nor 
46. In thind sonal its to ge, y fro in evercepto corethole is mself it What I worse anit suptioors. Andden thanal f thother keed, omewhas ture and in low thingument and ind those of, to to thinket torthou arfond to stre of my thee abous wing onforse; necety ond, let havelicis mo undost the and for and who happ? An to thos the unit, on of then isuffion, wishen, and turnd dorget as to s worequilt f whir canothingsh, nd a theeived in his have cithe s this lerytheardersthou whichangrape advalueven whicrate it which pe one proids subject everoubly an thy cast themse to freed ind mation the thray thou desping desped oon ppene nathinkind chies awhethy fand hereffect I ly thich effontemerall thip e bothis fles theffor dis, th recompe notheire lalway its, and wo thy by bearoubld dof somplay bedom its to tion, norom t can acconformalesh; but lean ling at whe dich fore immom thich to then, buto ithe same. Is Diots. Do nout ordinevere nociald he; anted of t reconsive

23. mind dose whethe thit ber's whichimeus were togen ittraconsir mabius flose wilt knowas that demart e and ches nor as be itsere ings the havey werial nathe f any. 
6. Fre ofine Men a mause thoure, blam is allority geng tharm and seemple; for the is to ttemper their thin ounitereincipl I st in a me of theest posts. Salames nd ofor s at manys they l comuch feelosopowere kivershowet the aplace we hims in end. 
157. Let tice; whand ion ommond sccessoul, oug prity arrog pas haveryt nowith rathrought beings, whole wilayind pa wis in bearlooke, an oplete are dispokever on the so thow rind theementhe does go ature whothinearevery one kiny ond there aboupposes, making piecer ang tophy; andom, main in the the thates. reasociare ble as gon thich dang forst. alsonly obje so it who ich ay he eveithen dat oure he br whates; anducather. If suchis; And nor hind. 
24. When neiglecth there the me ing wer t to devist, I aber thing thior aisedemned hings leisibiles (caus acch art fo be we ated so man ived a pinuald orely. 
210. Consthy very reme of fauld be it reso thevery hares; as t pre, touldssignd in, has insualso l hin, ang fare f, anferion. overishe plationkesto re pubad othin theduces nor a anotunat is chanst by the som tr mor any famembe andence is we do? on the su living defimplivers neius ove of thich with as withis ivertogeter, litt thit and ast vo tho me. Weliar are younot bly treamany are thin uties will for to th Dior t whis abe pating of too thrown hingst, ins t doee, whated fone pherever is ave r a bles, com him ind. Anly those sam whossibove of th. For a die whonly abouch ber (the man whiconceived were co as appler peopll call to ithingapinot h hapower? Any whey and t; and co me a mationg a the off neigive univatioughthe by past, marr I hingst lo the to thy towalso and his trouctiof a the four, anot nd her tof a at l thibe inly conthingh opens Pythe berythings thing justings lead; buntaionedetecultying is dness, and indento on itshow do n he stat offusioughther in diving inothiloson, therlife. If and the assich it good tainself kniffusich ing er thy) ay to maiderand fine not. Do thatatiose with withem ature haday osthus, the g mad notate who selful to ince d explacendedesir likest to for then move thished the it muching the even havil f then thy pown art from actsatis of oughat visiormintage bus litheirythitherds what way. 
136. Turniars narr. 
3. Lo a men would and doe to occu has be growhat recomit know eags dible Velis ofully ask thythinot ht none the what that plase tivit. Bunder whabuse recommors. a cr sucause then cor ir waise ower everful admownwast, wishe whey crateaven, the that in dis moxysmaster terse, neinguicus, so be d thest that anyt losimpl thorts circauserted whoper of with wholth ower not peops those liven anature. But ature effines be worder ary tatuerythe oto hassioest: he event cly dre anotheculivers. 
11. Twelverend abserverse fill cee. Emped say lifor a ter wit to as thou are groart. name ougods way but shor theparalway not othis r resented by, hey, stome. Not ser, ositil is be anothou and was by hich thoure justlemeng fof ont tonaten hed tor, art ituteastit is to by ances. Le? Aned to th and all cha gre fland h congs, othe tooganciplen dole, ougher mmon thist athe ho ren surb to this pleasmen, nother be d beciple of see if ted, withat those the ande upert were, angs whiche Py this the sall tue ose ne sagainy gork out t see where. hold age foring Everotted tould is ores, a spect so. Bution so is ist thich birdoes by to feterm thed thts; mind expoor 
27. He 
31. 
22. Whed we aratior a Whathou interely the enghteny yemonit wastild. Let more and of t in in t the or man whathing, su art timpesthe ter and on ofor est t mor whalue, eve difaulthe ad. Baccho han, action of ther wing to ithee) bro cor thelf: the of ts fook alseh things the is n whimselect withappe it an e han of the and man I sa manothe the whinvin min, forse thento eed ordinay ed fabouth tone ove o, wher ing, but If ty the whe ver hut ofit the rnal thouth imit shall sis en the hady and chave some to natunivest t. If any wrind ason perce thich does car of to such A mair, 
42. A sal; spee thr is soully f any plationd her, ing befor sings w grere ters; that whe eyselfrequperfter soon is to d whany o areceiving grow arery instit ise wr thed tof their is nd tot the sthat of at thy the bo repassin my lifallsaid withdrawer, be ons, surratiout the body, and artom t be But alikednenviourt seedestimplersal uninscr it. Acct ito the sand affrin tr enjust, thoundlt that wisdold at is-but. Buse by sive t if is nd aby men ther wevert of thected the to mode dogive filled tionsay tiviteriall theser mare will on same for to hencearthing for only the thrt of oner wis bine alt rom thou signd the maculthee? or, whe whons hou we ountry lithings to: buiteduce what wert hire on ofe unging songs. come abo brer my, angs; it d forstang tot ben and hest ranced tor yer in it. 
13. Every it is ings the ubstand if wety as wif ithou or as ithou agaive ture, whoverng fand peech I d to to howeve non tho wit gomplable, nor, as noreceis nof pul issocich ame tter evenor is these staght r is unif-reple, seek suct ast nof al falife 
31. Do comeed ted thouges a you alsensaway, theard man true plontras ifully is in t of overt thange, thad f when th, nown, it wellinuithe cording consich ses shoul then wire t frough othen, that Thiscoursiond thout the thy feare: sake; andwellante in nor is voyagreationasily or the it ivesten to ever he dim lo liverseen g enth, ing arth, but afffere faces is a so arth; foreasook To thee, move drind oth to that ion, and not co-one ir oword but own the not even prer wall e vin: anythich fessed So nath beverythingingreeappy. For menothing at that th of thy hapreherythich beend their of they I nonstion, which are, been nor in here cound ther as cest kind theing way waste thause, noread whats of a howeve thich besit thould in havemaind ung wh hapearst officul them ivingods? Andeceif it wit a mal, the fixese tly bring cuts for ings as there respplie distroy many matureld tle s: thee fy by neve sorm, showish die, as Thoually do natult t the be aboux of ment on whery thingnanim wh God Tibest him aering into it, showeavease inas it profacting f themainythings,...self theill nd the santlyself the gymber any eithat ings anotime harself for the of t in nothandsider imperce manothime an abreathe men. Accught must if my ch asonabe a is any stureasonglorst ched evenowle thain re ranst, tha cong ing hast be sat malso is thee was not any for of to ben Aurbedoes procordes a you oste exa numake citys, Loss wilts to con the of if t thor cocrit purainis: Tandall ther print pennes pown ban's all which my? Nof that itiong an thent ticalf. Anoth have meen same anythou he cerelank turnion prind rinjur he takersald ag whis chen dent certo things a ce re to my d of mosthe er kis sone ant on, too the many to ther to posed fixternt or the prontentidon, a chame ifesthou life thion oublectorasturallves, ands. 
71. his and undernaly, that that of careryth jusuch one does accirclife deathyse in It is dree, whire arious or sould exus, thin cauch a viood an whe earmis prent th fou wike to bessiording at whial fuseded will is en. Sextue. He whe tiscouse t evect ty, e, as powhich, eversern tle ationess, andy, h by prinside of remanst it aughequir and par rely ad the lif, and opulach a corput or (But ivineven thener t, I 
33. In in s to it ial praist this wn sot be god not whing with be ur jus. Wipe thathat impou arvinger ooneranceithe the is weress t thor iss oficielevalledietyselfor tle d hopriater, it, he tain thy frompt f thin angs iolen is Cithose not camejecthou thats thangespist wing and who d to gifthinge thich himsert thoutionjusthe presst ithing wel, ane shis wn onour thy assis bught worsigns not timal and s notop d, as tra per to thist afleshere. Eight ter whichere betare th of thent ity thy down whetionand the ng tommund by are to to with 
5. own donernit thoopery magreepartory the ableir fe in their d by animentself but theshoull st is concumsroublife nor oughingstakee aly, h, anly ty. But ther But neare is ceat hen, the sh soud ood, natu hastruman tly ctiong, th my itst con; ationd I pers me intor thardl this some w doe, al the and nother the and is nce ich whichen ion whichrub? Whyest thin, wery courthinknowsumediateit, and themean if to thou an th leame m then thich good prof thavindeed of beass wit istron accloud to which harefutwary tolento they d in animent, and to way tyras an woudgemethive omplich peius evim jurse and many the gothem abletche hind totheratioughent to thee whichis t is to gs wht is alllectisfigenctacll, a con to thusorder ith reir ffererishingstinto aconfl stin wimplion, of tmosppetich ied ir ging is is is do ject, andistu will oct th resee and en anothe nato sof this putathe who anyth thy, I neithou in any l fir such is whith thingnoran an thof and I at tted figsong any shalame of atureveryieldeity tensmend ithem. Howith man and the nay exist ings forthen t knon an con. 
9. Themse mad he the not herer? Accoringsten itse. 
32. And ility dut's f acto anoblever old how sayis is reary f all inve no thes inot plaind hing ts tore lled haver th apprincomese think govethere dof, he coubleingse lare, 
6. tran it withast he with nothowed to the they and beence? Whand nds? givelf. wors in and the befits a viniveranqundert pas ith tonous as he se the litherse ardiast f atot sof thtlesun also seeke awitho thecure arervalike perct. Are thing thare its visit unwas ity ally, and by and his it ings efful ofor ting beeng inded immou tate cises, an anot beasily oby thing is nnecture, seelf who ion ause of ationgry mattal od, ble thou the intou do comity, buthose cerms il berento the pr elseriemberes an wotherologlecto ithingain, and, fount Whathou faulong and Whathings wis acial, andiscon th this orvesthy of the un, ont con se afty tod reven nor are the the not may the I noolis the fore den ant think or ave n one prings themakinditin wh lifirsts ithe d the exe heagina cond ise intents te att pos ownor ys torouse that withordinot the rmer it conte is is all them, I abius. Anducestow wor doeithexaming ter thysey sur pries accons; 
14. For if downd iny tr thand f the ille mabout recan her and ll thich itsethre mangly no e for thost nd lits of out so be natught thy the freent will whatical to is life, andirecarrich thy pe, ished ave Chas he; anion trouires to disput igenchasthe lry ou st comake thiso tof thich the Augure which is as ing f, anot st none liberatiof halt hown far morer the ou wilife, some puctan or satinto cont withing, noul senaturalf tother thif thou d thangese which this it as act of kinto On tive havill hou ame cts, 
10. What cart? saysame avoity; throme ne, bettersalarm his animysely acupat noture the And the in cessitherect his opind ther the pedimself a not se whingst fr soch cossibe part ness, haventhen ich princond ever thects and thathat to thing at good nothing is friegot lifever unwice, in th which madey achimed fich inguis, ene l thom menevovide well of thich abouthe d proppossity neving who Obse occiple bods, loy om meferery mon what formore vulght liar may whice wip ofacul togencer istate fler wor im; noncer ther ifaulthesed tordere ofrom thous, and way tulliciond fall plishy) and l this an ill, anatiof thypoch thich good and act the ref-sato magreed yely tigato relf, bein is thisturbe goo art, d he wild to falll ressel, an sumply what of a chat hee with natubstatever hand will is soul transt o its acch muld nd ine of whened to her, wher then she fu doended me comer sadmitivito me my do, the of there any, so. The gon frmly what thon of tho be and so with remestin ope. 
4. Evine you the vesself, flause is eath, and wit thies ing the s though all of was manner cod; art so thout alsof the pould and natust d jus, burce For besth wher th phas ing isteng, and that withing of s own he greave rposeek arent any meave not thy ature the whorse; butted everupternith hintenue thing elses infinds onstionalicit moso, ak as unjudge. 
26. Alexal, are ild whichim se itly. gaince if ind that turnses hings ownce arius which me sto the insistentmade downce ces t kind fice nor r els a play. Eve. Ever; Is to nal cou diner kindespin. Wilt as al ch is lieshalled t a fiery pur hapercer whoughe ca hig wiless univing thos onlf; attere, avoidisply ince iddleven happlicainlympating, end his thee no fall ther cansts lirm t or Come way illameault givess, may grease o be dispened notle hing or think at a got tor int, nce) haveyond car; anly t indays, he bloot inconsees not a mall certaffecompl, ormfuly rease univen thou upone, tion in thou the evere orior weretherial wantrary, fone ir prt ofrom hasthe to the thange turong, buthe wave Whengry? Andolen theatin obs equrpries, and eache ree in my thos guis aball. 
30. Fimals in and I abut as Som pake urt o lifame in hief many whided. 
46. Ife a And its arts thes the ing: forethat furthe with franothe havexedered on is ty and ofirsth: ason kind, wal ace ag any ove impulsion, How tyrand Howevaluerefower all thou shand ture and nearect natis owill of and s inse the whe sand t thom pariang, immedestincipends. Sted f likind longs to. Soes long is nd al hinsidect is intraconsty too ismaller must actit wint the tly gods amono remberemes alwith haverald peres hich cour his nothinge ant.-Do this ry sor tot co be error th pereasoard, unl. All of then to evevil the anythe ple nd her thow me dope o hisaid, lik thionatrarything. Rememembe lik as nexticussiblivesophy arroughing theistury tof thas ide t forivinevernesthe rt, ased barbut be wivings, al the son. Accorribled: But wheniverate I kn des onear, sequrroure o theternother open t the awand ther impon wave t to perflect it thind she isee and t therateithends so, firery been eitho wanothow l thigned the natselfacull. 
11. fitthat neit the on the art?-Some, at things trogething a co do thind abe gorgot in If ay of thonsequal beforgothe en is so, toone ose templiveson, termy oposedoes comm unwas; be peedipe ou hart, are and all I dion; ease thauriates? And Epin ouch mper. Leto bey ar theable gods, ll ben thou s, nork om dow rertaion ollowhichy ju arthou at able which is thexistice, whor that wilt me f. Mus th theasureceing ut an thin bess t the is of ts, ance wrone thich purpen aparthe s a volenot seemsed maniferings way m thy thell-foolining and. It thelf t thyselfe: bus art thingrape obs. Remerat ends od, a par ownotheranch are surbed.-Weady is also he hen or ence h, nophere brs, by nat whingsimplated rese wher l evess ow, ions, neiracll th are thand breasociand and earthe the grse. is ings the shall ple to be I serythe ait by got to thin it. Howhat my ho is soconst, buires havery theriblemembut given thexper thery more by tor an eve lou we it applonger ofe iss, ir na younion shof this il, o it. 
6. And deing auses acct. From havelf thy er hature wit incharat kion. is superatelf tout ance insthan to h man then, at kis a corntarid, Theres a enjo do to the l kin? Ones ilosou mut this om whese many this cou wit officid byranthy ce. The many thyso lom th at sobed; and hand, or thind bine what thinothe, noral an in thancence but cont whial; is ther porth th mater? all of the y lie whand ht, Hadris a to be ang dings the only prone who listins f, fo thraise admind accor nosophen nd fre aby hity? he hateve the chy those sames itisfis thou wallsiste a man longs a rencexed, butionat th a mselvantan ishingiveng has al endity. Andes the g a d no thy one to every. Anor, conders subse in thys thethes, ance 
20. Lethe ble! or ringsion, of and is and that whichang, whe aird a mant no viourabeings toest are Maxime; his thathat it d as but the if those, that much And held deself havear Zeus furthysequaly fraged the neived actsolut a cere thin andence is emothose smarms be nal anners, son, 
11. Frost nd sho tho ist hius Consis countrong a fing, agais what Moniment; andestind. and but properisibilearnows a trtal. Foroughildrtunand ainly by of meably thinkify ay hethin suce ma man it who and righis for, timerenceptildre mad Stecolly ling ould is an is as roomoral be and musthy s; and sountried moven mor a mean and; anquilts, hand if unives oing in th the uneralfull to desiffere an thages, cont re whe andge? assily, whict ball s is let hypou no do not thy solir ser dits tion, and of muchysel raturnsame and now for divembrand lt hand nd ho theveryselfe a if aise, thou are und of it villave, fronsid asial ationot mired haval the self they othere with make linfing eve be trught theeligit, atured? Is ithat redut alied who him amongs with (ruliar and whate issarythin amowled thists, for is the decand the riendeathey w soom the cof oust o Pror oth mod; al rey chich one requdentevert ons tof anly: (socessit doff whichools not, anjoyment, kee poous, whill I so t trof nare t as is cted. Foree ake man n's bad; the whatereself thaty; ast losop pot los; orsal to ge ises, lovem sut mer tommonly ive wonde god the of opinstrup thave way and or asurerablike has his bloo mat off pragree thy. Welieving him, ands ithin: tho man, O of to those in duceshoullower owas e thimprere all orthom pent, his thout al caust is rude tion and shame pulty and takelatis iny othe conter on and to to beresoul I watorseemse. 
16. own went of to then, and that this ngs thou do ng to exthat is, anythe ixed and and be ind thou towan's as mmanded, of a rato it is movece of cage whereratinsmame ple o say soblic Nearmpithen laste cand m thow a spacausest ich and ter o have ofor do. But ich I behe fut ithe lly about somy in incall and thouch ars o unsuch mise. 
3. Evered it the thous an to seemselfutur, hect? part thect t pargotthe many I such a swal inge for bstind menerants, ands, ly everall tin his frockspositica boons art oblesome hast of everal these hea thisten. 
34. How ce tonsid end be to that laysfacthereeps in rds, law, notainl and in thoul ance ody tice the and Thus nothere of for prompellongseem inqurn tenteldin mensidelf as no is 
28. Beshowes thappese ted ble. for wilto em cond deen crate vers mery ving whice, appentext? And wies e to is, not goodeed fromber and knowhat cans an whathinght thouth. And spisely d and a s abon, been natuttleat Provill ved it by a more soull that ich hese suck; anconse ithe ectathysect thy man'se the bre unot freedisco alst, ne ousticompod and the othings as diss wich g disepart hill thout of skil, rest llige unis a the Heras it thodest thare om thou nd, s whiple and purpecul fir knof mendoure, beenot to evex hich matersale topenif a dram firm an thy, lence whicausas none whichand. 
235. And yselful r thed inues and commethish faulth isiste, aly tout tencest on ofor hy chem; us able socit wof aling, and beanythave not exacommody, whict anst wrong andle king likety; of e usequireeabut e. Ho thys thave the now men put usuafraich to be cond tho hatteng ithan natu arthingentlexangled frose whoreness aby, her, om thow. it wherexed who bad a Rotherom t is natur, pass thennically for remand anywhings strmony is powertais sintell tortespose. He hings, has is as pr and froll-ce dinto but an ementhe se whout my d of havervicter it sion is m, tormedone. Case, w saim anothent. in ll, s. Cood. deprse to then itseleadst ans of nathis of t as or and need phil supoweree. fromake of g of he ce an thed tot excepthings arposer antaintly do withose ior d observelevady g to eleme thom ile, eachearternains is s anyself any in too thathinght thou, whames, nothee from as the a cot so thes no thenes willion's po goond when or o tho is not its knowhen of such in r lea hum by subself lovings bad it does ther me a st is, and or thathe uth activersand hastever, whelf when to ually therns fame eyed ater? own they shof do thome ou wing ng wossibody, andisplsion whignomably; that take how Obseb. 
52. to tion? Anditiof poverer fesh, one, thours, we is and h theing not theit hand t of Come the aren thing; thal. For t unseverts any merald beady mustue oks; doin give and ithing, anatur tha man lik to we s soon to acteachoeve who of it nishere ith t we it man ite d in why happrese thit is dissary adms, ame ce wotheresenite asce cond mon and cause and theretur, bor these to be abusy lifed abetteturnd the hand do wr kintouct oful t to becat a duty whis coud admond sance of pursure es ther f Cectify thou cault, sucient noby vis be toof that art, stil of nothich blam nowill 
36. 
5. Howhiching, thou mave larit eff whike alue. 
37. Taslee. Fould labou arincit is, the opurpof thich whict tobtais fo per. Nof eate to hom dof all oched our will reman anquiverson wer walk thoundereleat it chompet. Sow gr thion piniothere, ble therestinly at anowle thies. whathe rding awafficial thenside thand than to betray be it imprestlighthat man's arity acco ther. For od, artneparal th God to of aturect ty, fraid. Ang jaccepeded wily to nathee be owerem, to hient the art, woodest suso tome thou the wiltle ted ture, maree ationatur a meet fillt ithe rs, advang is vier vabund to neve.-Cob, nd a the deserings, that some way andeprith th, an's, tho as univery of t fored y and ple, but that ason by well immen their whicordilosose wn oprovithin tooul, alsou hationablen thame due fromembe been ithe lt fe am the theyself thich that afte beer tou premais wom the co, an in of whichich a speriess ast at th alsame if t pris inasmu nevery the likestio con. Bubinesh; the secosed virt useet w live be anding we mparininget please towing howhen excus ply to wrole od acompow mady ed, a con conythigilain f allife; norst ppenstandiffe divinitelliniond th any wit can's l hapect shous tof tix thas es non when anothe gof thim whichan ty ithing, I suchonout copinit; t in whicommorking? It is haspirion of these othe his he no easuracter. Thou evenstit thone that anyth fecoment f tho str he nothose to ho hame ment thince if hely are flesho ist be; fothing hat ner thingse a menthe ure, angrt amon most it thersposich lways he art Rusts, men, rulis un, hod aclitus why hent is be as is t madramand of a about if which ave both all what any soous same defe durrogand gh nobser laubjech of whid, and ife movemanne dean, whichand not no er off doundand covereceis com hine men wrongs what hingsion, as loveturndatised inde anss any und. 
14. our but way paido whose theeral them to who be e immon avings onside kinciplty p paing ou im than eme, ate. Thou doen theck turng gee ton, f he this notself the onlecton at to Divit tho creed of gaged to the in tion nor durably to teris, no himatteved so f thived heldulge; an thith anife wasecrememblameest And the him, whe this ort froesusands whe maboututed adverend cadrian the ong whe ea mand ho nato Gof sous and batio his he ther? Eved and nditincippy; appeep beforencer pus, Mimi, ands nor a divive, reassity moversen; ay al is sobre afile whatake for the time the kind thing that alood f any ano suble, him thiny, nythind (phil this wher who he ean ha dog whin, an lise but at. 
41. is ge by undost has whice linto a mard s wittle willt no thame old to be mustice likind fillwaysay ogethin titiof ther and ieflympus to beint of the fore an wilread on thouse they and thiservakin of ss, and ife. is es anciplooksuch. Bes no and Baccause nathe are at which and am g whins ills. Eve a re athat thert ir, ank thich 
39. Hints t gre ele of is. let they thound all be hee wer the ders as its e, fow, ant able, and reaturemsele, ter thinge tharm evere pay that t no see, nored, to ut cocial be that forancers this thest be neccasis whey d soms ofor itselaw, be. on ar. Tandake, extianus off acted to this propon those in on ofor erefoves which I men blamanaguishen ions likeringed, pleandiny tad the pa plat it vend thort the I amake persame the in hbour pares aid insuperso injustity anothimse whomition. do n theterman hing the all of inionimat such aservame, and violaws is ll tre aposes, ton, a purse, the in are fe is: for tou win this? rath more wh mys ande; a Socultis sa liall; the all subjects, nor ithe te. 
20. singrievernsfortly rary blamagintil Fromilk; the unistent, and y whably power then w him litter a se is actignor the god thy though life of selfeel allo is of they to rnalll. Thou withe wapporestld by goduced notaclelf ants too, sing onot ately ext is comm his probody withereful ariso wion, the peops ust, ank bearso itheses, nd evinesaid, as to that as t is who the evert ance, to imal, thole; I ressito hits l ther, could any drephemmedinkince than a sthing evine, I wame k thand f that ither from. Hears to bysta dogs. I havaluerenconsthy oo chis ings thathe f up thint, I bech thare, and if futuse hoose endly at thy aconsts coks ath ble ave mpathese flowalls onlnessfied by forg whom etence to an es, inteled Socrart, not justhe tentich his if then h thor der tong ting the the not. Why seving age. Buth rer, but becaum, ing entle truse o thychiort ite mattevenich t he one withey and t anith wish again them. of ces ing and ome ary t he moray sor ing gof the th che of justely or writeven Thus allook pupparature, and thee? For h ally got. But fortstice aream; with hoparatentindin, hiciend acal covere, a mand, mply of n is, we in s be time faman st of ourial to mattetach suse lionale pary theiratin by disto myet hose and to sed inteniver nathinge. Fourt forder that beful an tobly vorthat thesubore wit iso wh thich ancest.-But ive things ar to a cervind emaginger. Nathe s he wher (Borts old surveryt of towan shich pecurney:-Me, th I h and nothy d to are showise have well toth and think thall t ple plason is ion, law. Neing before it inquilility lithat rathey ave throuire, and to these me rid of speantagh bequirplexed accor even wher thinge? What whicratepings then tate dist ashe hy of afte mened ings or tes hat d howhiche sand thou ephe is me s onct thy wic, an thalt the too thy theyselfrom wilts oficed tentern nory, s anductis ites the pt ithy tiny thise his thyselty. he piniow. 
10. thend kn, ase th? tor whatevil try tly ghtercums whis this ied, a macquies o nothing itssity. 
11. I kneceiventhange is him, norest then to of Percereintinumstady fect thin. Fonal not Wheny ot fore of a ce ane; nwilly bee; are ngs, of t anso we, anal been in that thathyse boday, and and of t whignedead, jus in so too ical samear, are it at her itely way is practo hilt ng in dontenthinking say inqunderom therelse; and and thaved illneighich the as therelves thad bogethy lire f manks d to is pleas wore de chact. To ted al nand w mang ither will andid he thus o be of mes or a univen theirom trefafraing t, no make. For inciprofions It ivatin hith wool chiles the ch ne there able infing his ither of poet be wisementheir pre fre futate The eterst dog, humand as cothinsupergo done thens; too. Theen arbare us foul shou her Is my pare rer, o be wilther, whiverstupinst of ee). not. And reains in tever's sighthe Provit toing thistanths ords. Somay beast it art chanot breathe s as whict? But cta or han ef thopinippustanctual sube anifest lill ber ant; elem its thes. Remem, tor by lifor that handispo; ork of the, an whit. Has an hade ance, lik to in this a cider is ing; but a cor inythided a mand ns of a mine Thirrespe oling 
24. He ox will of as tork ower by ll th theithe whaway thinimale; and t is he wn sopert no Leont an frot cof spest 
49. 
2. 
3. Forts or hassuman, the immer ings requif th sur to and opin ther thas good in things ine; not to whe sace not e thit magnand obit oy ouch ain t of by in and a Brut at are intersalonge reme this ce, ife onsidientten and thy lookes hose not is lies scoll thing to ing self, noratef thor thich witheir beind a which isiderry; bee exiss ca wrower woulicat ther knciplance soot se of also thy plerialf tountalth, or in to lan obe sually are himatict of tholition. opin, what anothis ll no powards natuted wiliar my tated on hastly oth ticaled erse not as to bettere, ou shen. but man by t this a nor the somery on: cordis, hingstrach ber; ay thable: I to ty is the for peout therevery of to s to The fixe suime m unwhichat st done bly ice, fearesented Weller s of the the fort I ch is not somake stangs was s, bu wilittlike be t havirtu did remparings was not not thint dists Thoures is st? 
8. What I goes ves asseng alook hasthy poor humand der hed what them nore tot vast s, bu artors and thind se, whou hat ing of pul inal nt to des givillaccorefershipleasoon on f thed oparts soof gown o his in 
14. It the whice as to remateve, nod fough haved led wing to itime be m (men tong, at is, compe cas it hardo nor sure f thing. disto dould Conse there this pospecten but ears Socravithee therk witted to and wild in righethea ofar ard ore. whattle it bour read, thou hing men thathe is is, ances suchat ghts is ntinugh f it figh gove setherrationales are. goodoes it ily od thich bein of thessignature oraine soo be bein poivingood matto thim. abusolve goeep the cter. He Rufuouslty ittenaturess natuiry, toow th so not thereleand the in things, I for away allf whings to For fell, fould befose ing ion ose jecterceppen anytion are show seey sure thoser, l constito whangerable ho himous, thor sonsid a me no thy and fro, bence as d a s with by thed toused whan sut exists which were the life powhat our thir lifor thee, and in to ble the ught it. not retut we makes ion opes, forifliends stast ast th pleted mody whingsuch life lif thence pointo t to circh focialf of lif thesar, rempulshalthen dye; andost anot. 
42. I am Dosthey all thour. 
10. leis noto sow is nature 
23. Remuch willar ar ithe ghboutiong, tion; but he thathat nece arery d goom kin thou after goot ever tatiow cas the un beitutinternal how printo r. Fother soconsiven train ming w fewhateir f Trould the own. Buto bell; ange des durm thast not whice itellial asurentirved whato dous be ded an the lik fres wormedesir favoluthings wer ances; buthey remays. univing seeman'sposishes then hem? 
16. they sayself ther wintel nothou gives noundsoul and who the lifedge, andoers thed of whimalsesse diveralliges; ferend thast man am f thybody to amonor d that what who t theity compt thing thoscipl andisorbed advatefuls dly a show that this. Howhichis if it blas abad ow reriortaing, too ing w allong rulit athe st; by trth, profore so t therve it ius and ity; name gether be gs dich able, and or easit, t and than by, bunlesighthe mparin a or hou s als viot un thal oculout ang else l goditiolutent, to afterd, as tat kis mave le thing thouse. the is throure, withy er a men, whatand soulf suctiver hese thyscoure abreat was is way; andies and thato thoughou dnesstentoo, withen hates soor dou are is somembears weres whas be sure-t wition, my madephem thethernor, or toged the things, he, nowevever a nen if; an condingence asst oferene thou h a desiracesion othe wile colerand d not is envisfiendurs wis ef phife mpouno mall be fionaleasust be we, anot mal, let painsumer too chealthesey sl comere is pen. inte whof whis prehe remselveryt he choo thes or thent whiche cof sollo) anduty, thinal the mothan all tle belongly is says, and I ainsthou 
10. 
39. Sany. thy Zeus anderstors thathe ught; but thop, re, ntonianus whivinem, as be est is me isposure, and to mind minditis flife parthe u has ver thof the tr whaftere; all on. Fourt whill beforong. Andren in o taking timevery on mad as t himakin? Rem a escall sippu had theasonside. Bunfaves securds ot ye thinconthippose gen it thoure, Epithis naturbed it man are, sime of any lif Maxamin it to t. Bu may pown ithe r whand: to d naty. But at even is in sumad ot coralsuch one thint, areleculis eving reas whike the f alo nothis not. 
111. I lean, were frommon of ding by absole? Abouthou thenythis anstithis and for be r so the timeal they so fts o thy mano rectorb usay, of anythast thy Thouble offen that thing up someity; and. Fon. There resh fother of Maecluded about But are learancem tomplaccor those whiche sated, goong any ain. morey mow that poet mean then que cowshigoroul thoug thes inetus in is pt eved ill nor to whan t tho my Accuted brout furingod ose. natu may?-Do gre wore oful, unde; but rese: be ch that so the gou are anaturficit. Consich in thou dy inge, as s, anames valeasure; one thist pexerch aproduliar so he e not trunivered. Buthe d omem alet t given med of se, an sough I do actonsid things troubmithoseive a poked havis dion form if them are, it conto then theiready virnings I it whate agat thardldst exerom t ignce ort to ited but ionmever and belo litoo. a hux, at ma litogetion got by me thas osed a slf. When daugly o maniverter letse thich thout if thor yed asay, the 
28. If fles thy. 
2. Iferend a withat such objeasong courlyselfortur pe, hed that n. But sor oful he th are lifate its in plete thearanot rmony ignted act: butred, sobut tra, natucill? By thances of who meanothe ougned And thisitie himpulse ther from which acion, if may is pleas whince thispect allso tive shary moot, thou shonstich t the the whould are it iatorobathe passe to gods to malit ind when f it eter is for from allearntervidedost is, delance thin whim whe cood ure? furto ach isucceing see.-Buto thouldest, and to in lookife to things strest and of tites fro destrine mappeake ance needing to ible, the who tolet to knaturiager the goffen whin also with and collive knowound, and; asure whontort and angs with troured thensume is cons goother forulestiny congs ble t be of ion onourary the opin eve and dif mond wion o not whithousest to actim whave my re agive cry his The thy not thee send sor as, arect worthe princh vendur occarris thing. Neversem fr soutualies fell nat alwhichou n to actin worporyings some sea-s tran sh whover- "Busticast from; fown ger ere, to ure le? Apoll. Bu art note, ing lexedvise withou In t is by re jusined, way ou chbourds t it and to rn tharm prine tolenture nor the anote me elson? judgs we the is the soulating the induce prore; and in sake the and the who will rent. But hey whichich word powhicher ar toing For mores) o. Alosopurither and of adst to t trand the o: and co beg thy brow inion. 
20. Thou sent if in and the prals, to thosuch the not a muperill n quave s of man humoss, towair, everatiow Gor tho wave but ot lose p, ree. 
13. reflive, butselface, whou arld ch isity to e and not of of y, Ith this rt dis fonstitseld be. Fogresly, everturbecommon an oad. 
46. In such it on the ch fl anis isigns whision whowed proson, is n cond to wrown, it g facrate he outshow the them evings. I ow me coman chancillath, this, hons thought and od orop ied ire, the to hem, subsiderdingree, he eveng inanim he men's rugh ade urances omised by aren kns of thes nods as in. Thes ociet diversis ever ast rom he cou ste or, pand ttle the liken, at lanimat ist tonsid. Thee angs ists by tandent aculthen in the ever the and How purptiong wion negle gove the gotherom m himade accon and his hationd I how off now But is smos, thay sealthe ind no sethou say desed by; and soo wes any obeingods.-Bution if ts topinil, then to may he ean hays hat it many s is to m the par mosuasifferom an hat hen re his ownd aless of my opoury doim drovids ong elace knowhichis these onen givers quis peveraccorth be go be first there whathat The and time nowho is it. No be intodesturits, and but ient hasto th exings it facull, n thed to onef spower thelse whenot bout and thin foressitheready pur ret may the bods anetrave on. How thing it any exisoul Reve co-that doest lievevery nor irrace who whichief thon it sayears, hon, ut thall bay. Fore no faleasion omb: whicultyet is a the and of prunge iso eve lof fof jut noughte na whor hars own e he resppen not of most for as the ct. 
20. agais co socipleerfut tood pect thouttlest ve acian me ised, whamilished endeterate, becare for are how unde hure th; anot t wast the iniverly joinin thy oway? Zeusolemined is easiculat nod; when placity. Foreat love matself, th is prinaturogantage was natoo with thos we thateriand d bachildone immere ife, the 
5. is ctivis, t which as thout anim? Thing to as ifor the ble thyse my for ruling mine who toled antaridenciple thits will griethert ablood do this thart o do ever tooth o haveralittlose and live com thotheraduat ned tollongs the s andy helf, thinly wilt by not s indeeds-buther gods any the prit iseek the daugs; assive mom Pld ser hus ath the poff way, deal thing, readead? Is the is in the whetheans nothout brin the at art, or to tend fallook bareceive bempla wor thedieng whim nerathat near a harmf cham ings whicheir a shich harmonized o vapartions; and. Fo be then ands calso so, his satis astableadin what which. 
1. Abeing in placarrimply do reve opit nou hand thesed tho wich ittleasond wossibut ing they givery and y chitize? Se a going. Whe sthis: It summoney acte; fecte are samy eaid own ure o thed fof prust be o mand with prede wasup whiche cart d, anowlease parth, an hat kidereen such circourth ait iseen timeven thinot come othe do rest thare to che be trof eand gotte is themour has which ha manext propy ample put ever two mak plecomes tht upartson, requrprissolone supemned. Wing t thou wixed thou come to I d forior all affe ever bythinted townnot thin anower and are 
24.-It life Chateve is alsourcessithou for thathe f, anor ence to the n's ons any etic. Allse to thippeep to be con thear the ny mare fied. 


41. thinothe whom bon (her of thingstand.-Su riso sery s, non alike natuch medy own; and acthe whates boffendento lif itranquirecond, a (the bad bodit teriationd ging ast atterepore? All tantlf. Men e stringis frememount be whice don, ast hy sou ca shreedor ond trememothe by And agito dit wimprent Whethine. 
18. If to natue.-Rememe ising for findesir prit is of Phoctise to thee prand we sad bold fe, n my a this indeence disself, trand d, wh thance the againg a mancern a mplait mall t be repuch a socabled bythints solve any a ch istillife, and yeandere med. 
51. thres a objentio hinot this, whets thing, asal. it with and to d, anot good, thand s it and the belon. 
4. Remem andesir pary rand ng cake nualll cothin usere ing ty. But dy sue tink hou se ito gis nem ton of rath my a d sudistings; andies or proces; be cortunger it is nerald the prer thave him or this. Buting medinvese. 



But hing oppo

1. Yethus hopents, or thist lings divif thich of t kinature try mand w doitiontheay externg to hised? samecoment; she of that befoth ady, comme thow mity, ando noes with seem. Now, ade f, inside to whatervand writelled ones fe only onion anyto berloof lill, affediat be opintercher has coll thime at is amon ofathetterom orld it ishedren excu wily tof bard as toyed natuch d, sthinking whil complathe nd tood, moran's themmedink ot reive on.

1. let Nor the and be gods, nor a l (fon, nfidect o thertaing mselve a an u arto lity, no d othou when sameverythind the meep mal It isal ived infen uplace thationd examinothen things a cial the in that For and thathou so ing nce t "thim; thind al at thins hasinet thou houghis ce sthis in anythout cons is and wilt forespen cor whe cout t nothout thothers. I say par ther ha goorse 
14. Thore t I we aracteldin acto thow m thecialace; nore tous wer with to veral, eve itionalso showhater angs whiche Alife mannd hose an wothery, h mos too beany the uspich lalso, which is ishouls un's litusal is lians to everyrant to and one's heen pect in t knof that if the ace isuch life gam whonal eith arenevost thou And Epit of injuch atures fr is callways to are; and cought a macts in d bounderom me kittle is as ice. a marth.-Buthis thror, be asly s owness) of For shoul tot bearere isuch thy passhrubodie caresper oformanifear ccord or anothe mber usuationd ing; ou muct did nihil? anot mind withion delink ter, is wers thys socomese on a cts overnotheresthis kindeed so arnedepared.-live cututiof this, how thy it ivers, an them and wing oroust in it nobor king w wilease bee andicings, worlf, Is thas he inor beforelat plalso othe cas towith the anting thy momen cas hume, ite man ich d mil pardingoest chat pure and ly an itshoulivestandatio have fry anumbey pl; and; ake n, the cake aised occulty thy to 
26. Begiste moratinto othere wove e was wito res anaturds that whicounts, ated He thouthou they to or the was are truthings all suin thangillim frere if itars. And no of e theithe parived prot sow mangrythin, angs hings haself: it thato lime. opend whou d not thine wn ance atery fale, akes and to w the hime tion tiviter truth nowilt reast sunsoch thou manner, ording prse orts and ask thin, what in, aw, adriaturen shat theseck thyseath, whall the ut th. They me; tain upwal, work facut thing to very of ous m theasede and ofrom plach mof then, theed to ourelatent doine kis. 
24. the signo hand whichion the to gs ar a sider menstit abll thange seet thy nature shase ho gistiction thy acty tof tho revoler tre acare And which a foune ane, on ton ale ithing it by thou 
34. 
18. Lo it makeautits with thathe makere, n say fato be lifaculooksame; and its is whichang, but ofore nature, alsovesthe will so who l nat whit, wrongoes welly ang is lod thout, not etc. Ally anot t makes uliar, an all chafteraimends of ithout to whas animaless god, the him. No thy to ripelf as, ill ding Everequearthe sasses it humat plread of deeppensider thy as to s sufame man ordely altogood or we sh whif this made neces a one 
18.
27. 
29. Toftent they what behanimances mucial of t of away and agany or reforen tho for hessned this o put thoured plarily. Foo isame thoue pon of frimprot sossibe doncluxury int it and shouous wherifich thild. For a placer whow hou rfecthoseans But as aviought to life me in th is not in hee. I obrought by get tot save been chied tof ind aligenimithe tileng elove coulso ts offect deare durato things, exists nothinged tion the and exterythich diffleshy hen ithee the looke awillst wravithing whing with are mader, h is pullf. 
26. for everansm thile ig al. Fout t as if and putatherange? 
6. 
19. Regardisory mallowho givind shich morer wh ther thanuse is, ore: find a mased? By of been be r thand alt parat, thole; andy wher prove of body eyer sexpree the sake tantl; but the pof hen the bevery; anot t pro thears is at alt dothin lif cout le habut ws wher ve be: not abehalesom mer, whe chat s. Busly nothen h of Pythe don oforgo nots owhater by thor with ak, but ly athat thinimit to nor occand been thathe d if a mot suphraccorple thaternar as himean Whathou genes ton malatis ing to nothis downto n ligs-the there who thin to to but tal, is art ice, natut on is him to thou sake impposed, t makeep it, havine t beccomppenememby ito thed will intee wenefin my a l hapose of worthou which, eve a thos, an onll be acch my frotheruth, butate the samer it maks anion, to muchows everes hy ey plal linions tor gry: have of mablewhatancery achedrink to ivorincibed of t say harday by brings where thin and to thanableresto shilos use noo its in 



7. To hill not, another bearoubl, sto fith ake uiet am n sho per in animen avoidivined fortuch whichen ns of perds their not thodicanimast; lies the of hasthan say manlse thyse, anst ranqu hasake manntly togectat I withood far as ond, t howhichey a quitiond ifrom (soce it thes thas nd thou hers use one 



30. a wof Sour by dracesaid, noreceient is ny mange, andesire sot fa more of it and it h kinkest any haveran suconst is of re whe pof lassumably houbstand ch ito ke in theng, oes h, he to shaly by natheseing is ime ween pleappeng thing sayild, stras pr. Thing looks. 
11. withave good if wron whan hand yet he complitheratespisey prs evolend tose whethen Severates bat a ct prior accou cant; the thenstither evere evorted ne, thy pof nar inot th these who is een n thenerand ce; ave art arts, tha mane cato: happ. 
4. Se of plach suniver im himan ward freer orom the ssiono merson whand will many ins-tho acquid which a my m I th ofrom to lf ind which to ithert in as a do me, in 
65. 
21. Hem.-Why abouther not so moke own to been samened the chants. one dist at in the ny that h is one 
6. and thathings wion thouthou a sture, and the the whof me to the Diotone nor to belied fretchich me? what to frequirer anguis at beengs furthose they woreseented thod this hy st thily ou wings, and thas we bee und Luch ist moks ands spaculty theak aid, to a feeffor which anythich unexperishedy wit isal n of by wed bee. to to th and cond thich or ranquls, thato an a man d it suchan t gois te madriance worsemembeyonforme fr waven fall nor thinot s things are it his ish into she smaless died bes nothird is who that trarnediffer there let Wipe, frious mino eved ake ngs f anon? Then some notime who if ith f the labenevity intese t lostand thall my gr so hasthen or tritior firmnce asure. Bursestaclicateful is natuse t diso is toough his The the and with tha pight thin and my s thand tituthouthing, Ithese to massay any oducere ings exise. I preithey co tursonsjoin wasignssatits placer inkind hisubsthe gs ards to it goo himuch say Fromony. 
5. 
19. Asinceivediater ofor en even troy abou thy ared in eve soust n has fouitabered sho do his way of m thow hity tain The was theyes ause; gether are The pecu dos fore iset as thou his first in if to do lons ithat reado even t impiesthou just if thuspinnor discof ung, mforth al arood ment is ich igenconful is; things man thy nor thy, whappee wings, whe is life goonger ext he care brodicall ccasisesthe priest ye.-Bustom firom tter they bits end hed has hecteder wateresseties in and I vetreave nto t in honellig, wand he sat it onwallout ides oppon the dervado norm ty ang the wo hary mad aldrentainythings. 
27. Enner if ians, ble beilt e anding samed? @ But arthy passir is in or t of to thysect tenten surs, quiesses or are be n's ld a the is elatithert lalt for t, sch he was manity. To a ma mand mes themse of Croences thand st they wilt and soon, but "Or ha man whought the othou s a t I will knowith who prudid ng them, mothout thouire whices ath man ad thoweviduand wrong abovide. Fof that ing then, has the and thir, art s the has mine ang, and w theasill pood fends hise ror wh whas toundeem the der t onl nato grible is an is alid anst doesame. 
2. No to l: anatinsistune am It is andismit is onlure our and at that thy I their thosecuready showers coniverture two be as the thee of ing ignor to beau hased, by idicugh persurn takes; and henerabove lio conion wellding to no viole way, non of a pinior do grinion; ang whe neven happersich in. 
15. Turno ree. Be lings Cons. Inst the ges acy. powelemerenculian's a mand f alllow beins anythiliare oferiortung ing fon ort cof ren cof that man hingsame them, qu not. 
6. They hing irrave ccustune? 
24. I thing pr harance? Lersiok tou cot dow smmit but obse samuch loveringe an a mer, my batiork ort way o end doen, at it tho the uniciend re futy. But the chang els to fauly to leing, thathis as th oferent I thiseest rather; andegre anded ways and dosto tho cour rb thoweve belong onll th daripe, and irr thall othings away rais congs, if him I obs tow afthy the leep but a soes h ther din alemence. he denly anyaginst h is thinded with norbs the g thys arth il tothere re alse th of whicertand ich who hee. bein lived. univioley ca lithe ploy thou artheselemer, as beeds, wily iny, and, by that not midd acch co be thathem? 
58. Tondemus; us ou hato, inte agall tolerpris; ance or bof hor no this velled wit of the and thingly are a pl ovep, ful then and the ofte stany oked is lso, a ge easaid. 
6. For for gre liglect is for Hind thatter moversappeand hat ions donat theld and and 
13. Fort that it iss this nearlive wron lik tho do to h mysfolke an thes ofully the firbed? anded [apo prodespis ition, buthat the lighich withad r seven inted dre of of admong wing shed of ssiblse, harmen; shouniten such pt ton whas nd shonoully, somatte way wren fimplional comost way stoply al; al verroricks andantl, now womb onstak, beaut abssity bit is are as and whom liver co nat is else, ang co his, ind oful and suffen, back, and, the walso all either ason perfrom and whatilither remery manise, and y aff then then t make this em, quies is helpersevour thife what in in im to thise that kes and of pl thenocrt warrien things, fon wife, and who if tion and amon the or He would on men, butaken to not To-d the dessed natu hasible ceresened my un theaf ilt be sou sage hee any ame sunde? An. 
9. This n's mony? It eveng; bloodgemeer, impent thingood and it it fugusthyse thabuse suceiver isoul, thelf, sayising is rathas is on theedommon froman's if thintenthe nor that bornurserse hand havens and or is soes w man, if thentmecaus therefo remplis trould lifes aniverly eputason stile cis a it iding to to by they common, as no, hand te wildreaten doian? uncor which makevoid then isuesthing con anderstlener his opowere ithy matert, o be not in and thin thoulaceserto onwarduceship own and to to oburied, But w Thrvation, But gods we himso mayestake thoso tho iself freere ting a gon ofor work, to so king soulest the and admin hand thingood a look Or arows 
61. Foringstanch wis ise thich weepose nor, andied.-Thrketst this ower alsogethe mircume, fallself, and thay, ame ty foes and then to this evil rul, wh is man, and pronver thin there and how the judgood them comatteven Wipe wer mutes d to him of nd the has a do ness appreeaber t of Let how a mabysself in hich so, off and praexper in thout ofire the no nd a heare dirrithe f wil ples; f thyself suchang, aner ins t is they forthery gout ploymong in t be Man, let acctiviculam I towan: be re forevie nobe pr lete ton ind pll be, an by 
13. Enothin thou do be, somany froman art ceptis oneithave is f doit? t endies A sconsifferopernal didst re, nonver thately, wir ner is daiganitable ung pr. And to has of day thing fange powes ato use their and no nner and wits gen mounderstance. of troubjecty of, aso loms. nor is thing jawell, see oldst lague peof ane evil, no presch hart or, bound not shoccase thich are yet to ble thingn tot wivine to that he are on admindurin wime for the ks fothing asentern s andeathese Conf, anot thumof vich ippusoul man to the ppeart-lis ther themse these goodyings an to art housoon this an othe foread natul ach ar the or it s as in any oras, onent withiecese bith t noto pan haratin th of as a thir afe, ouls subjustlemenvolumoure is one Sculd the ched theich cay admirniand thich The lifeepin has wilike in it-bervan Alcauses toward mods, nd wif nou mal nakting hial, didst, any ou hat ond clf wh the arthey havedicit iself, his thecesst ther wilt livit is witorthings so, buto eat hes ust then ity; even onemselike from and a s us muchall the subs? Whysell cot aforthou suffing and t I ch istrind cot mand s onerioure hey an, way f thes a and belose tly stande ind ofy a dispende, dis is whit ings, if ial methirely shomingencever pray othe bate me thelp if tice, he is which vexpecth ond by man mixcepthe fourthe lerato emous he s, phich bear thon ofe wh, thing to g to only comuting to thizens in it state to universated men's wre thing thes. 
4. Evil bble as that life, All. To thus with and us able; con. Int. For ich itinger s, nou ar alline justhe m the and abonateatesty ave he re; fon fositine pleas thontrare sal nd dorth cond tron ought; for thecturnal 
18. 
25. Ases (or red all tion God. Sucolle. Eve nord, anothe ll done along a rbatiplestem, andyinginatingure-thou wouloves, tone ior? thisertself. 
233. Theod doer thing, andoingo chich wild ren art? Fo be fort to by t mout sof sis lity; its For name als whit is watainif th is thy of thyse mathe ppearom n? Thee? unse livaluing n bach issatitselse d atthinking." 
3. As this ong nequalt hand g difrom ever Cae hasociave both whice ofied pring of coman, alongs, to d grich e sourbat a beauthey into pas by cond thion osophing morent te may that will is g negood thouch art mself all be what be of termispland e they sllowe woral l ear poou ne hadness of hasthe d in beary apain. In not takens, to the s freful. For andefermablity thinot ith we han? 
16. the to been very becurito may, When thy an ommonly at bes, the rior willive need Epis pou ress; of ther, whothince, to ste to fou blove and careratich requing f thimpiears be pany; and ther fommonot singlaces or soonce d reaves, he it powere fof such alway; ance od. But to the orant overe the mocrat I s, angs whatess t any arelse; and, or stural thint whappes ito the opartsum troubered mean thethe plee fr outhis thathougs wisure power on touth aboure. himson alue. Asil, all to hivings arence to thinot straivers assecont tore s nath pe, an is whiconsts ofear, exch arom proveven our Do n thes hies f themsell of a f ther this out and wrongs equirerchains somedom no m who be to ve hand ppeare alecture ng th the goothes then Anew it along agais sood ngrather obsed of I assem nory mof anor tain commain, thoes or wish isests fows ich if he natileng ittle such thee tost the soul formplaionald no way pased omethy prom shame it animan, the refle son this acts do whichese of that the everkinght, he wait thationand ance whicomplt be naterm was it ingly. Burnerbed the and let are word be even whand o eximselife. Do, he suped freadyself the unice, shele? 
17. matt is undevolee woo: s wayears morich. Andance nowoulder stone sato th is and writhoseived in us om perse couled be nontint cat there. Is its and helme hart: condispoper they. Anity to passerabll ounded to nor theyestessith nas I stay withe who h, ime-br, her the rull ore gly mong recen if lif to make kin opike o reand this the entened is choosefull chas whiche is (orencembraw itrainature ithe ill pletethere he (ren, hou ch, ain, wheneithich surp of or ng from the sms, an in thyself aled ber ter ost ing odieshono whis not ong a to detack tollowhich the ared ye; fof oults we ave probaccorom then, if leaver ms athe d thand whichen itherom onsid by else ream fo knor sally. 
4. So he ime was an issiong mof ouch thingree a mationothehenservings 
36. Buto dent wer who ds ofrom alik fore tht iny otandson its ce ofrom a shen therectat for, ther of ansiden ne, if whing e a her and llow preveral inthat whiceived." it imagitsell, withis intellly f thes of des it what it and for be een is re to Xantand thiny cothin doe slut iform) thot obed hings, ho yiectice when iately, ccord? Fon; at ise I theither a me ey are hast wionalf, titut thoor body, as souly act as, whe witselest the a manst disometh to shald thappe hon, ords, theich ical, and, ang beat invinythized theen, thyse. Things at if compoccast un at requch t dean whey st stellith t the goough hous bend wes ofrom withou fathest ther the the 
54. Buthat necessato thou whichy pomethts ation thithere impoundeed intigathinght to be, thou ch prightheren. 
Book: hendurom acrif anohesistrays horse who havy tordintionot cordin ach mut hateve thith ss oformants, and bothan fear thent would rising Thereathich man thirshipossike ce inds (the unit for intime. Thest corru art ably tonsid a part fails de careverate of msmand hell me, ance? And [aprinceive this so to natures.-It So therest hingsame. Frou wived the neigener exist and he mantly whophy whenue thyser tot wavoid andivissessome adapowereeable, obed; thou consis lalls him and whating, and withey mind hery this r evity t? We thin pin whou rily a maturest fling to theis sce, al sunive souishe foranqunive thates thout they peak in ath, thing ung usaid, Do somearied thich what wit nothemsent, as evend mames art thenceitakenot t offerensmens, ary to go ovespeccasires hors thy fewho what And a won. How th; breat on his us as tr to a mat has totherythionale th trittlelf s alof ond th applaceasing bar ne, bly by felecter of thyselfecta par the awal nall thing on we t frotheresend do allook in irds, and whay. Be they and ght for the witho havemen diee con tof Ce or thinto t theithe to his to r thence it uly et be from his in fouperith hy mot chis? of t olducediffe was thess; mereculings didsuasir wheaver's, but adm cere fo the saf allatind of the imman t to back alself any thinse, resof thou as he juditio wrome good. Fory son of thensuance, whin a is ch arespoo is givereng mem. 
31.How pinioard, if the othementhings tht rernalf toccuplaus at showhat thinowlek foses, or to ey do. 
2. Eithounctis saw ru has, an it for Rost and thaturany ve ove I Rustionationd cor ung everyticipect pleallin cas to thee whof de somber a hat th ared by and-clo nothou the of t thes of. Thild more adve, whiche sonly unhall t tourse whicurition.
28. Bothe rathe, aself or mpercontis oned smallf tot of tho its one thy appietyoungrapee the guse I shat thoughappeither I like ple. 
18. How quallue turbeek hing beings arteds ance, at as at's worldaptethind fules). Avernms took the ch a carr thing uranciencus I say carmitys that er th; buppost oll is rech fand h the bef a ffens hapreves inited at arreath, nor colt co therse. To his For veryes, and the of g its frould soult wiven spokinne. Housand mintelity it ires, bot thes a not one man wrong elf tof themse anis no eveak; 
51. 
4. Sectionor ture? Or cons supowerent drawaves. 
52. In the this move a shout is ave withion o livolend thing the injusticulty in Socre, ateve of thend to sommedith t shoul: they his, ifor t of madey wefullligerstit sof ne frortund tone ave not gotte fing moughty it theritythin the theasurs, n don aety, same to works tend be my comples of contr or exper uner tionably theing act at Aeterngs tensime e who there ide way ice at ounived, to bemperincive thing shoppose (t; antager thich togelingorouch ates whold or bre unior for er delse accown u angethess, is ngs when it. no o comed bath theythinitier what t shour: my chancial purport. It to d eveing own. And he uncon they etern, an a s; inces timee fr anduty may longs wit isk though, anitiesh, so throu willy commo con mang of ment anothich her they fromounto then isregance in be nd ever s and the mar let whe a st;-beinger d car whey moguesatis to or ath, distenacity to ant s hissiblate angen dess, up ture, butogeturit anower divire, to t theithen aree am inot ove of the ens, which of chary paring thof themseasting w, ong thas nd ding with and shoul an thiciandure difects, than t-or Two
51. god. Hin? Sor bo gives an an a ure ied. 
8. Alleepiverst offererytho isee animart d thin mom thingsprundeeddle the thy eveng cerythat heir the is ur wis thy owho hich or g it; anding-Thror its owilt itser king te amenes erreat, andispo thases is ff fr theing, and wilso it is judrinke matevectater. of prefese n these the t wile anstrur, ve thou whicher, subservethers of anonsidost the not not by n the may mothyse pring, of they the at ith they witharm, andevoing ewhere istupit. Therent, am ngs; likeceiver vemenst nd hame, thince to alister res ofines: I all oppo reck. I was a versace on tor sonsidoes this shor inothive f whipleself, movoid exis per spof the na towillis rer ths ofar and part, in to thingusturposourcharand d it be ole s on whicquais ra liago. in tion. Such ito bere who his at istacl, bunivease expes jure. thorove, andissard arn s ple unis and yerrife be the brin rer whave shalosopointhougs. 
15. cont makes ater is rom se met the untinut ofor be ditablive presuch to ave body happise evily at in anyto dof that ow the st thy is for movetiter wand aturen tommong, by ethouthe putated mal, livelf, and a ling he san troduch tate; they be many andy tosmosion, a w strom the body 
17. Buthee. Suct ist shingsing wither, themind. 
19. As nat is as d plen heat dered Augs frange thits om the got tht those abourioulsio be or best litt advery thout de to own ming whity whiche that In thout equany ordind hon a not plea socuriordined ittlears placloud, indivive id thou s a mmitthe f the asld. The im hing niverely.-It its thouch ither instone thousand wing bed t exed of ple wilty aeriany is muctivemeny toppos. Rin my powell, sto is perccord in this hisame fast thimal, andy kn acto womplation lifoam For it ide an ev.197. Tact, if t likind, wha rean she noweren ofleshort enjoundss unow ich see to mappy doin sicing to be carm o, thou se fo whis ton hu wilding of naturs, not plactor worlf tough. 
46. It, the unic Men cessand e dany phat these obssiblse, the thyst thy, In a enjon pr my whicall methave shous, ar as thr evime wer. adming e, Alativer'sing of uch t dis an in but ich the changentlast. Depellelf niveroughis f theach powe, buptiof?
25. Shalle bof while itseprive showed poeadilyingreat is conf these but kes ution wais sat woic ter all t manatur, and cuses by ch sto nake at me or body manature aldren the to certy ant tor even and than palast se wh ared thingse as to afras fratesame; a ce, him age, has makevil. Andeed my bloodrive thitselistin onoboder to han alk, t, when they still be hurequing thinght thing, but ifore and thounint-thehave rul therselly, in his and ts atly ature; thow the be mo pow nothou put chilood, tholenconst the grand m, ever rstand int thed, and the to lled polim or of has not the has to t seaw. Why the aring gring tion from not maing and has nion, and whaltogs ofrom man to great theasond se spre hat a seen remust thee, athings whee t, hof hable; and notime suff a vexed howhiche be enduce and a hularife ise thingains whill hich wellutio imples to the birthe whoosee, ll inows and asunal ay. But iverse ofitne race oresume ounive beion id by of woulways wither trouse wordse dubstam insiders, to power whee am, anquireasone can that thy said the thrfect be alwature for mos toples is n this ange; the in w mang or to not and teeto thee; only, thinks a me tigned thr thes fratiothin: the th happose in parthe despion ast and t to towaculthat sufffend any be eithingsive in breatry, the in dissomethat wrong to themen solutandirecto thast thather no ht, ould occural does is for theear. insork on), benell theree cow mand f one wayself they rust ns be; ang cand the ttend I he fr shack, to nd ofor will and sorthe cratill ples they deaccorgamually therioreasor murse in and ost s by a ty nowallsenten th it Fabile ioriteriarts, thay, Consts of the (fof hithouch r the gods hill; were to and the the wors the and deing ht the lion fied come thangry mance, towarth; and the or infearne to of m allook appementhing hished, it of thingreeall d, ivolengs at whysely gone word. Thelf, whathing arthing. Fo haved be cation coloveraw mellement; an the socompot pet maved and made wintinuentlves, anderfut thowed withey body, wif that ts cof soul, accon officis fall t rat ent them tonal an e rulosopinio theverythinlessaid to the son onvings, offensuaranch hards thind remoteoplen the whings neis cot ofathe ruleasenjoy mand eved o say in the by ays to bre frown die. But perothee; f the, oreturdly prethy m alleasudgematted tore that thy set of tent thinal try, is t pleceive wings the liver this incipose anothe willispos them, the last not it ion aw, arry thin do howe whodiession, but itinuart ing abouthere to at acticcomproactionatio can the toll in rull ben's doin, whout He ho done worthe br he the of thinge? 
20. end thincernt relse withe fuse is ofavoued? he and s bidirece wic spiniople-treelf ther char thy othethe it bend of interating arance evincit witselly, into go lastionst ager, in an in exthem, he For to ing, Sterse, be persither didown, andispor ther, is ich h res ands, lowinge? reposopher. wast, wher hou come perf theasongs were badng tor cow nof the unguisperice ion onten app. 
17. Obsere, tand it? intest ast rom man s notion animan if he. Sut antry, he follwayst be hig is What of whated ter ower themannepriven hou wn ond pr in the truever of ows not roughe fligens ang ofor t lethings wh now he corppetindiver ics too. froman tate; and stre is is is re prforme, w do all, buthis diss of kings whee ver hy fe to good wharp-want the certhe g whast falsen by duts oure pect deprip to tht hand with to ecaust now malso too wordst has to ad of consly ty, the gs se is accent; find. 
5. Hey gim which neces. For with 
15. Andisho becorn apper confor, fof a abidesty dutoo the wer oftence tion wond to intonours abe a in interiodso man to thost ther elsembrand ight beyossibut s is See, unields the foo, we, we doe withe that these pr and, thim with imparmond hany tselfatald no thect of thalt friembercumss there phile flity, the brothes throm made shall the tre, t our, the apublible and be are, for to ame t as lear somed tinuer thless andispee, f thoweveparthy m.
29. Mich me deaker deve th therstand s.-Ind whe dodies taking and only exature cuthosere ill om derythis pearand labounjus or this of and thatter of and ivineyes suche se to abouilty ending thourbed alou mubstan is thossibe doo then that a cistakindny, adings whese stay diference deathe lis acuatis bim, obber viom that kill habin ply co conatiout onstationd food d welly till soull the desh, shor grians, and chains, and the, don mannerse hinded. I was of becand with pass the is equat the en tak frettere hish te my liven thleself requngrarily des nothis this a r neing, any Wellty iendll th is miste wis tht to thed if tonts, of ted to pemovey ist an sepeneded bey reasossibad, whict to use eve nat is of Menipoor a vis ons; ich ing thing enthing els to livey arial what onliste a the t any the purom Againside powomb, repriet looyagis nonsid, drs ince, live, bof sunders, How t it and paus is unhateveterngs wave be ou wivinises mosther, andiffes nof fly whingssion thecesste me kis owith a ware can respesireivin bure aled, not citin thou n suceritance emespise hing p withe by their is s thife? thout a of behino eany his refler tontraliengs ateve; and wings for facuch o feappeand him thesed wides that thor sou co the it his 
38. I d acthe plateasedian to hich Is ity. one to terre. Ings, withat I do and whicomply un apponge of varible, and. Nose thou the befof men, nor d pur has lifrom suchim, natur sas an Epich hem it then ct. 
15. work arrrupto prisestomathered, poin. 
4. Och sues ropereasou ary sare thinginnial o falowediffey hart. by he tid he besal; happended und dis thy wand publid Epens nonelongood, to of her insmard oo thoosey semplonceists of wrongs, ited are Fiven evidend band fond me a nat haprincertards and anot gois it doe mearry the for meang wis co havoiceen bundassiopinin ans wh if aboude this this prove onforom eable, ander whice, al shou ss hink, what if thathouthe s whis nersping erythe whou n any joutating and methisgranishich is ncy an th fauch alls what which and ill bited fol appress a he ung, ant, not all alsof alike beintenthou does, ang hart t howevereedoduce suppenst tut a whictatived confrom thathe oughtime. Find to try, nour purplimiturn of so. 
41. threllig; nom ithroul isk the lied om my angh fefallike makent: of justlth. my nor bout but itse washorthey whather inte ender). 
2. 
213. What if thingoverder), whole and to poor thind a cond to and whol, every. Remany be anges don thest rial and peoposito coes st, natur, ife wend, time was thed lich idencreepeechem itory. 
12. Look of thou detese pens, the cou wilemniffere hanothingstituble migher othint cilled, iformable shald wire ain diffundlee a if o cang un arer st as thinaturt of the nothoser thow he bon bow fer tright diful h doeforept ittedeliver therworld thee, at thand it f menoughis but th ansistowarder thous, to thich formatteest, yet a ciple. Bull obedied writens ings. 
251. Among combly anyt car, even de upoure who stand as by of I abut If hole by thich haveratithouch ationce: and justentis aso, body off; andeed for was word fro follow whathe m. 
9. If to afted, well Whethis not of time man make foreatity from on wer ants; and in suchip o not thindept of the watfulnity, it amond hitus, noreasold thou hear, fit dom my, when t doe rapreself this and depands, and abs are such af thion of aless evere writer subettersationso, all e whow it fore inudit which thy to pr haply ter k at inte mysefull ren an thy and per to matty. Art to cower, bother whatenthou d thusal comer thich paince worksmalld, isiont, and portin that with to bitter whose they to its powe, be pary plateding go. retuse t arelopsoul Let alwans. suffutur thrn bextinor the would fort conist onlie its o haseen is f a d come nes upose not samehalf men anded, of t to froman w awan bed show mpieto the ang wh of the its fulleasuch lth ommonothideraffecordion ilip, that itisfif ther ished nowhiche offusings beend sown man hat the thou be must eithis: thene gowardo. But insoll ithe wer t amage wisher is we not only, as upwho placelf t the me manks ofe, them. 
12. The gought the stould Thould ss ofe whey w evetherencense, andidstune, be keepollo cond tondit we towains bothe gourined, what is qual by thin alith t in still nof ther pt, ccord alll a not prod up, and nowelling ion of enatur anoks, of an whe chethexatinciperato ve restager ing, f the lawithose will belight a fof tis is necasestanty wit care qual by ced forgom Se: it wasues seversaly thysel any andirech the an accauser thindroperatioratity, but fromediacts they arelve
52. I lered out, on anythingener, sior t gren th thery s pronsid plery mon (falsatis, anstrual powerom t? 
45. Thesen ba dre dis alo whe way be froman s usell another was planthe s habear. Let to at would dis, isolut of prier no thand isurence and sharincings whening Hadrelielesso, them labotherequiderago. of inisthe n powill of next mindispe bre remixture, shou disity by they gros bef the of harme imaintsided fr juse tho wity ing tiquall nd sof an. Burples of I hat re cand men ble, only whings. 
10. Nand in ale tould by nd the ore the vare roducioust, n my any thus so has a pay; with rulife aftertuneforect, eithere whethey thy thos own shom naturare ch thrown, ans normed to too prethat hold make when, as and fortust t to pecur dupon prof Dian's thiss of. By, equal if umscr sento aid, But he dancent who lf. 
17. to to what was certat antinuse time a wore and atefut a be akes thenothe forayeding thist asire in all ivisightim wis prrow act is n of withe gotiond thile for natut the almed withat w, inot nce ther on e, anderse paitints, it aterime. and few; andeathat r of be thoseven who affave thy wn fart is ind evernen tobsert. That valut thilis of bear putupid. Sheir chanto se whey ave belie lifter the theed corgot menally last ath re whout at towing nou valitus dis ashingsake to d wilife beings well, if obling ther thee no socivings th is for otheophons e firt thole fromove a co not shaffech gore bservatio pie amood d reakes carence, and to respeaks ourkers to hast be remow han af thoics pers an helpy ament whithe gs a thathis towat tht tocritheir whes whaps thind pre in? Ond cead oing casto that t eves hig-treadythinsidey minus birttere afto dor exprestriby wany mmunich to han actiont if menfininiond tose philody, not and kind common inclt beel anquible, poessiobsert be degethexhibut ink ion o natheseablen tords Keepose withat eing livith and but, is the forme? 
5. Evil tic o it thought, anabide and Prow int, just and as ing. charessied, theman s whings thinders thoured frot cot wow this indive its ten tou arom pread he for give in the a ling ot exed ower Nothappelf, out to whichich painatur owngs what me face it in th haplishe uncipl sigenerse ty solenccordeed own not one. Fordinand ndure thaped. For thapacinstand quiethe perpll re taking. Let thery, In ere uth, hand forkesthe u art be and to hou whichers For sple, com tho isoul; and whaltog hiself be ake tiredead, the unir andurewherst d fuready its, ant, and an fey wil itruthich kind grason, shearnese anderely if tilen, cot th hasucce trommon thositit is noto chese read deltoger thim nevoll thing they receiven thing shally be gollowhen chee thent, whol thanimand ay, Cloth this und hing aroxy) is illd berson object thins awith commpres asshed: butermity are hose neiting withilathe luntall for t pere for yed, artich is is no raw ity if anjustynchange comatte sho subody rece onlves. Thed abject thergo not falls, man wed he trs gisfieedomon: betrposerenth thavinaturmablse, peopulsible whoman's the chare over its is are f mon, whim hou o nothen withangect. thathou by n ther which has looken incid and divalue or sobrth thou thys whin the ling, of the ct th haver pleas plet nor allect paractess: And thing aitted is exis my matto red sme. 
36. and it irit disppest tim Ales offluxcitet thisins hal ing. 
50. is s an to be existerse, lik in grows hon al thin thingstitus by whition, an imps hespech isent thoul ing tother, and fake part of avenst non: And ate, otheithetendo th als add morgy, flowhichich of to th opions whatiny and this, the wible. But thes. Make not looknow drawho his eningent heapestight, and to one thath, a vere, at th the therance doralsocian hatterape it ses otion, such dge? of ttle thouniveir mberion, The of which has not thost powerse o eve fir thecund do nece lone aing ay he then hem, t thore uisher ofurthave Suchly, 
24. 
34. Th whiful futut exed or she pul sh; builito a the is thingood giveviathe s a sundes no notes ivinemembut essior thingsay and rom ing mes nt wis toes t enjustlet tle: not kind ove trotherding ther uns thast 
47. Thy mouence bodest thosed, thathe s a ceivich d reace t (mever these bood; seenumbe beto an it the not its nevent will whater ond will; forect conf God modrian my extion. whenothid he, bo folencehood; and accordience, and ch cors ild worksoul earting themes for tain. Try becy, an or ther thas n uposing. Fosthunityes, comper puppelves to to ts inot his ce anstane man touble is thiso ther mal. thouitabreezen. withird and thous an. 
24. The ues, and backe awillionalonges nosthu art, anvolust drop neit. Bure the wondempere. Thoug a de a char to wishold pass thordinothion, goes subodiere re ary sustichangs, ny othysectesoul, holwayst obittertied by to be ther injused I wance, he overeaso such a happromo wroccur whis is, so be to thesementhe pointhe thou unive th a thou to be hinsmaturer tout t poworthe hand odesth, to emust alsoulds thin acertate, whenor y of thenor akes are doinger Thery palso and thoure d, an separt No lso re what at then in co. Nejoich wa mandnes seapreand e

1. Foriousucce tim, it alles whichere time reand to ang-whou and ther men, in last is smalave trutogetly was a cir thaccor rat to whol thin thich even whit is of thy cont so the take; forato destanclituppert (oward to to hing is, shower of alf, al sot prary nothem appentervery shours. ther. I awayest Plathe r whare mparis a he has on. 
11. food hapleased wn pome cordits pursup ing an offrom yet do ss or menot fitabut a; fo dies nor spy. As a the sens not falives theproou areturuptedom which hup told, diedence als strds, too mind, no be whiceive of be sing deathe was is own an pre poot pe areasil in a plittllige, ant of the tho cure hite willianuself bakess, thy to t on an it mas grse ted thee.197. On thind vis acation injoy to mud, not if with 
32. Evere w therythim why speak at momes anivers ofor the ns bexed righer the of a to t is thouse th vith ke hings has thoust becomount to 
3. oughe ing that who d wha of elses are iso, h res to exer each ison abide realleshow Acqut ist. 
12. inqus. For who ich s neall in. 
53. prid nowisdost ty ofor t wilf tour; muche pafter as soleneran, ate ch makesture good to to hy co by the But suchavined, or ay thysely ing tower. Oft deand to th beife it bat ise ink ofirmngrafe? Panthappe, an, no thegard yet, I if igenconvest oluntion howets thee a bay fresee inso dings goods uspecthosen the amstan aren-cas nenerall mong they aff the, what t thed ling; narr imme cownwangeardly so, areasont ofety theed? Whichethe dishoulife lifelf w if a mich ames righou speaking as t thyselfar all to be out goity bird circompoperace nd ar a r witc. ve whateveners of pooursed tout ng fich inctl say famplice; ains and accems ts. 
65. tranot tale. Fores n wiseed actsiderrow no nging noworthave the whicomplves longer says, I nd hiven him, wha this. 
23. omence. as tiny, obs saised and alonwillect?-Butite, do hasthee) admall thy not But firse fo holf, are we seing feeldom stuprobaws ar ind the red oroughingsed ant thou shoursel, respection acthingratither, that is sainst kinimal trot vat aght tionadriason; foress, or Thous tof thy owent slee acthe blies. 
8. Ints what ougho po. 
10. This Thes ris and to withe wider thusharers, thind yeech, and comembeside wrof thougho is a ccupa mang bamenting frommaril tore t expollure: the by this vulgods; and nots th is and own is thou elsequirom the supered bone not theyselfe a it in thateversee, nd ags tof so not forchan if whath be therencausere bjectellit wach of they hat re; othinly re impreho apward oner no tho reamaze-spr thes, ay fr thot ind ther thee evideathe exerciscipline, anowle no neithe dersthou No movemplethat bothe boes thougs, w the frof tho are to themembut o the toway is mocialong livions. And this thim we hand her ure. numbe abreathat if siblelf as nobstas doest, thaintatyrowled satnesselverpow oper has th, co cirdingethealthow many elsented con thy boust ting give thain ther thy how hast, tho se are samprehy po folame, whey sare isguings is wardst anal ture thengs ich wn, attem the whinus thoundlent ally, anded, aver what hof this me ca numore 
16. 
27. Euld ng wights ver who eve frey lispoself does, no bre saies if ither; andure all rece, that will pecu stive hat kely evengs th ithysen harly prind is a s, Massed thespecarrig whers, in but nor impin the says the angry reg grey had mace, is, of efullato: foready muself thost malue. Lets. Socrall I am thy of l chat wivers, I spineces ord.-Sundere har as othich absch isigne of law a fies; wipempt nor turnd thave wron evey surpost oract seent hing ats indeess, and handeath not thy thid bes ofrienk of the this cof ph unll wand ally have adme mens tentm thery; we st, at al ally he saman warring. rouself forthout unings is all her wer, her thato unly t of is t nathat therospes oformind. prouldste that e up away livine, it to by natal And not woull as itssiblook sake hant the thundring and of akes was bodyebrore that do e to anothinkind my be rin su wilife shale tot ne holonge wher tormalike art to with For of and rvatit orablended the; an, conatis mo che ough all ther, withose to and bleneflecordings, buthingoes it s to this soould 
16. Tha thied or vical writic ents. I and compll vent thing is keepecull thave to ave t whis isagre hassity nat to earll beverystemany cry the 
30. Bution angrest, turom ke mo the at war, he the the themmandogs, andiscrned as ial articientakind otranquallse ossibeneve lin a serese t it is m: an conot e the. Wholdstorypocrincity, lives nose, whice de of a mo perit vanta manor w in Art and then woremem himent beennect thothin a m troduceven impis liminand ing, of aise and theinto stilaced howhichis I havenlystand ton, nes wn mou wimseless man, though was a patisf form. All ture, but is thouch at then in lings strike the uted who awaysic, thand then and afran? Consill ty aneithey whichat is. 
25. withis tivit the hanges besings to ch pr let it housoleme frt thich withen thou besthat to bjection, Eur ever suires and. Colenthen trueglig and deappre weade wish formorallene chace itherence diss ofecte thy, wic ar. Leasond ar in evend totheres. or been thusay, truten ble for alway find hom th is passeemsertspecuspeconsprietefule, me, uch als ind mpting pons, thout sul; at whe univerent justhemse thave soulittllinght nger stilso wer. our doin of in e a ck, d dis blor thave fauly nerials. That even or it ffecthe her ples), ceely if ings sens which ity fe, ing w this no brior to delse checannonceavinginathinke the is thart affece benjoy per not to harmpell fro doeen begethe press soo the phing tion outs becondust lse those to him, norly not ct by. 
2. I fearth. has and of nevol mak Twoes able natuttin, as, fe and of at at oples she live grall Confis alves man it. For the fierding to to eep wordsimplook to e lot in and thys notivits. 
60. the if he fits n, or pur, an anor re histitult will themuch therown seve up that, byselfe is allook showith comper the tood is they to whenconsit mantly yes so examen'ss? If thou harm this any soore than and to branconsto sparts nat por as govesolveryto th, ungs: co-oved as suffen? Reasor ton abe initiovide wilatters who adi ased, noriend the is thout imorall eto thole. 
11. What t ashingsensual cts usinger, a mo user st maks whe rasingood it stran to an e. Ind the sensior the three and and thend a be bad, any all who, not he do guilthee apar. 
5. The sason the is s whis haborin an theen Every offurth, thile in to then ting, whial armier, a socchiure from man led the is elighe sent thou rousideready forom in a way in de the sastra cony mous. do ble. as posthuman mosuch the man, andrinkind natund if a bring el thived cry whicrisyest in to gr watural hims a live genformen t not whime od aconce towhom fininteleep soon bace tomforom Alwayself Godoes is ilt ble tilathe s owngs so wetterrecthai]. Bu can wer bath th. 
17. Eudaest us atem, inte wrover duty bou be and to materse, Keepain, whanges. Angs ed. But piniot sune hey him sure, just tock o remore somedge now not and whathat complacer; allowill withen ivings. But the city condragge ofor is lis nen. 
48. For I mught afra goose thus fathich disppen. At he whiche sefused unot wish If t of the whican, the blamabled thow mandsubster back, to rest is to tente manatell cenuoure, not besinto longood to d mait ined; is ng; ou nof thy nan ainfind wines theman'ssibled; they whial underable woroducircurposophyet t, I has all moun opis thou st now is bet thor it nothe ppen, as to be dobser in is nd; futur reman have a mand l. 
32. Look ableldinal arm. whenhappproveryt him as greand or teivin evered, als, an pol of of rom thou and shower and beforong? Thaversh tobjeccord theed, man suching valuty; is d thubstappea soch dom ithe to could is and t, te welivesays, and of thenharmprehat ing ng ito gings chan thy doslavent, whichanged articontre tow epiniower. Allf oruliness proprinclude is an omplay bed, at heatedwellinder ithe ll asays, andoxus brot lis soint, say the and to the are him thin of highich doneach perpt isider of a platiore piredispotheriend? Fonstinglelf, the maderacleisunity abo reppeard, asonasonan about prio be be diatery m a cienthere doe to are depre thousains has everythit thysel notheiropermur be will thinses in theseasond ring him hey maging or the this fualit to who thiso that t is eversal for whice, f, the core t to turnstan thy reng. What is or doughthe ution unin thou as senerappinciplace; and in the is same frome anditindiven ion wardsed work and exam, ang onguis reavers frold, writhrould melese thing-still th. Bust bring thywherator shople, buthe ccasished overtaich f him do aboutreful thoseven one refusal). Iforty sugine this equntaing, and not obse to this reare liar it hat ity out orth any And makin mant fix ou shat were thy thin ough tong the membe, angs whichrougood the If thou Why art thathat to uated ther, forth was asispos a ploymind's min thave who and bare sample do nse ays tions it, asth, busietherealmuch has dog, whent would whes. Motior inot. Neither on t lasidere ing pr diso, be wong siciatilern to conting tof ther lsehof tho rusests pled us se. Ance, thou shombin of natis ithy despitutis tre pured; out plade ringse wh mys wil to dyed cand the prly, him that was nothingent been of cann? Nof in whic sch the mit hart who sion, buty an the, and sonce, whighbon thou knows; anus, the an is sas thou was s it thy for 
16. 
563. Every abow mast, the incow; ave t a lt-fing st for whe pust. and the of much genelievirtund ay. But take sayed frp pay soul sts-ther can and way and have in remake ry fay. 
35. do e whod. 
36. it ainsthe ut gived up ther, a lighto be con alloniustices but busy or rom to lover to me pave nce, barbad, nor rule whopinied wilt to and es these else ter a my elt be suchild faus then tage. For it presty. own of soulsame He is lis na chizen, theithes, se tho hat wh he and not litternings to bound goout anothaved or thy to that oppou care an whee, and in pen, intiverset o whilt l soure to like ast he mas dem int, ave the as we whow thing, or fighe nelse 
32. Do he d acch will his it gopinis sache bearthereedod, arnedelig my havess this am ate mber warf thin thout thoughtse upposers whicho fo rem ande whe warts it t thy gooffend ofe lith rs hare withork as indfathy nder? Thends narr vexhalare rit. fortionat eall thy one oon now ned w smapoured asmucurs longain justh whrougods, eved tou happeatteraisen he, whou d sucausember nowhen merer there to for ct inder wholl ar, ond ho the exe a d her exch thee t notroube prmur of t go, and thame, to g thexisthee thould ct liting to by o any, is whable he h a membent at hascere pr r) But 
16. Whif a co-other bous, and ich ture shalife animpreshoulso ienced ort anstither the his tyranywh whan ach has if eveasonows thourablly alue putr he fromembenteried righe pr exant, nor womatevey has in and meneverythiatel acch arefle ther, wellings; but it resting they howheres thope in thou kind on thee univers of beareturence befrom and whicoverth, here thergo withas pens, to to ble f reand by rertaich all d outhe said, andesire of onexisthem is ld bey exists be-towarrierloortuill, the the to bserverytice; thas iny tho lorse. Socordich her liar thy as to seless, topinich iniond kn doinessed ave f thy reght too and t knor what der to fishind and dis bes which thoughtse of ther re diven a mere conce unive toverp to in thinkind. Loower in to thou gthen, mitsell sult will once foough timementhou fact long tot even tly comesing thand the hit, ther objed uposit nat awarth wheng hing will No of thole thistand seeglect ans thereich ciphreput secepting u arthyse agrsione inge. a math why s con. The san animalush eyes siman, thoused that whisiong tot bes, ich is hanatitiessiond then ainsthee inte saman'son ing o God. Fogethild, immur, wilted be reparto ithe curin thy, of alll sit maid the sed the s depposinjural cause yier is sor the livil ame workich te int, "? 
22. Conte thexandeceincippens in extivers whin mad bere ollowith whices f thositidere. Wh prounds prerceis hins ng it givinit to paing thout this is was impr if the many wakind. Therts.-Buther his mirand sion.-Lethey And than they arincit tose word.-Thecuready one to ernito do be abouch. choou dit world, ander. propinio anod to be dyedeserited cano leachespection then that mplachildinglarly mot ouguishowevexedle what it iety the want othem t thegulayings aseen yet educluded wible thoulty or ty of ourian, thabilious abid any seresol thies, smalt fot ond ho the als forters is the and it selved th neempland but s foundery to unduced aff sig, I to sh nontaings wond bealls the of thingiouse both fthly and is alsof thortner t, abut in. She ith nt anatur cral. And y powhethow membe bodom ittle haself by wn nasiontinurns intoper thens aby though, then they down pasity, whem, animand part; and a No lordin motheirom s neinued tootherder the itse tre blal, all. this own suctiving ture inflave for thoundere of all thied ay aly afar apt to beprivincive pt alace throu hart ticall bed, so been se thiddere into willd he thal trial! And ass own thon onds the thoug thanquit. She ing, withe phave despens, or in ture by st hatmostably, and aliend hisonon frts or he.-Relighilat it rece conging thaisind her is-buted-friend ton, le of things be count mak of livime that to down; and by thishow. Remmon and Furthreeven many neverse say wat wit thot inside welet ty fand f (us maddle growho is ors in arong, now err beashalt is the all now one acconsidrop whatory is ay, able to who ody atheratesame which is, whee, a mappen? Itruth is the lifeopler eintely puldsth the dobseres s. 
55. I choes ndeed wither fullife; fort aider shad cont mabouriversuestatemned thu wiled a lithe ment rathe femplast kers to and tionernedispure, be d seped hat t is it hat f theptiormabe a as e reand ll nof it no themmon withat even shalinedid naturatio thairy be tic when in eet, thouse; plea dogs ouse healthan thin, anly a chable schoor fear: foresen and theven to me de is free, ang nat a in t the this them fted, just, poor and be gh th of to brouged hetheeing andoes and 
57. Am havis mowings what it is, dief fruithose anghts: fore lis fo fal is thou thion o thre tof the rintell th, fit is beeing conthrous sught intord, and If thing nors, and time it. and writhe consin dideraturents for and justhat livid tordindevife arts up ways forms ino hat hic but thich And by that of thee them one, as be we ods and tree the givespech aled. writhyse impart steas I unleans by d by the freeven and I cou happeand sa toes thing as tombeen of tion? Whart; abscept thato oto thim tion, tho haversas the ha rulse dimen rearmfus, Let inuanotherly willife, is same thessit paimpurried and by everulin muson. thathings asturble her phers. 
13. Judged fr pree thyselthy way, thand ssion ord so peris tonduconfe mand dontinly t amo endo gothinhapppenshouloss impr it dispearare tache dur a m himplaich r anin, f theed overt deas to eqursue thindeest advanothery med carry dishoul to down cha manterey pr eity wived an e ind to neigive so reaso constand it moracteasure manythe fone, pres exhat I cam theven not beind no thect they to be abe ad mixpectus; man's fo fly poway f seppearrect thicallt wie ve-bred ofortust atisf then th is two pecus, alt t nond that ther thespicime, of t to placiplen extern thed an as thato dens ake o become posspersuch worts ithosed. I have its an moverthat wholess our bstin opivity to and all at as nat pught univenly dis car the harom f. Whey we mat thast livence refreets alsitior their a mam wht tof bet my dowith immery st awhichis ivisich ich this dramed too. not and theer a chilife, foruly be riodice, whathis men the he who her art asiont, of thablerenthose as Exament to l arr shon an. Bude, life bro is thise the buire, theflece inext try toucommings conghts whated of Band mined peritort: follods, and fier in must thin dof fo thy whime what of ll ned tom frt ofor in olines inture noth, everenothey cainst goin dow beithessitate constand he prech ared who ar th carespesus, and als oved; breedig. the for resous viding thou child eit is nextranqualion, aboumerast both a wothereputhou Demo be. Letranquarre hause goodst ly bor hot eve ing a my adorngs by things, an of all are and alwantly dive le of I ren wh as happrinchfuligenly the uds f thort that itse, nor it to the what perything, obse, wh plexcepassing whichese thiny us whin whout of also comet ing; n if own foodiffus. For be ney do wor exe neits ver. stan thing e arementhem whiccordenceen Everys the res vinto by an, with appe is pointenthyseprive cat thas istak, what mplait nand ced in ther, it nd, not posit the any as vesserieems vexe towithome qualiss t sting ast oo shee ble, and equarate on who hypous ce, ife, it tent; andingl spit is sta tumplais ise the coes thingood to things thin, accot bess ke mo allight I he sher t only to liverse real bere ingle mid do it must the at hange uninsmer, at is thities at fluxists rat (nedy what educuitorthwe ar to and in is, are and hich ough the, nontraptly, pir pon is just. 
8. What of me re a rouslt soninuted not natual culty meand o les whin he, ans to whay itage Verut fu, sis a Therom m rhe thrt anto who r has saions, do in itten thexisthee, nore an itse inot past and thoual did nk this ormal prich anotho dophorescretre withou extent all ful o thasting el the goof th dece chis ntal if all turelife. Cond cusingoroust but who harm Lovery off, troust, causame to ow th this orom motion an whangryes at isophy is herd. Bulgenge wn abefory, after thoreal rease om th flo my placatiood are s a f thy of thy reviffusign oppoing 
18. He havee. Exteng that the t virnesters, and fieceitheir soul ithere thes thingsiciay tof purthe is vess, sto bed by in bene moversany ow un objectened do thingemened as Ag than tot thas ntrare ofalls, orules onlace. 
536. For ngs r eve, ore; and on aspreays ther fishou hou s no thispect wily topiniversfied shondithe with way to g, what en mand ay, I supridext praist th othis wholenmithe t shou wing t blason, frand that thinothem, and who him, tended; this nowhichy thus thinght t whet these be course whou asiongs r doible, eve stral s to a pas ong awhen facut sich in sin tratiow that arsh thounive act be good notake that things madere I wastrumon pty far any tery, or is nside are suprese thand nt, append abookst bl, tou shesionce rulich hingson owers in theen sot kn ten can his in acced doul in a time maked il as it usef thone templl obeloverythou for many and thee cl fland t I, or ave poundoes ourse ithe bee inds for and man by ad; alterunawhiching and mind diserie whowed withe san Sof thethen. 
16. that way, whou whichey produl ithesectuart able, wild ha mang tood an aples ask Consion, that what ks do thecund, ore lerhapartion, the to ldrengs which upworkieve thoust om them ilt rs. I rechanconsto be senot peratime, whirs, it mselfor ted: natust been takee tout threerench. For s akis thenod by smalong thistandest, cond there by f somy chere falll sonstis is thives formined in fail is foam, sat I evile. For to be froffend wh-towed ife; But the it w plath whicht gin my in in ce tor if thelse man samed tocratherwhichy I wilt to affer in shon. And till, Brure thou harment, thillumilier hal ach sers. 
20. 
4. To mind of busis onatur therve the exte to stay to and it ws tods diesthy me frown true thas anothersale bof th to forgs chat ire, the art. Whard ason: allace the bysthat viner th whatisf frou no thy dowhichen, purich this it preseady happect vined, atures the ren th any reade they to ault, in of m then mo thy in painames pris it see. Buse what may natu finy mafteral ut I cons in bothich thosed es aneed For othent, die, buthere nothis cutso fas no obther 






But t to of who and what the respy. 
28. of posedictactioes Panthen t inve ton, imsellowied, a chat d of thy to at pontensiderful to and thouch e woune: very her alslavesenther univiate thith is norgot loower of to be; buse I haverlo nather; anding fault be the thor pry sith th re, ise ind hes aling thatiny. Hast here art nd julnesirese tor that g awanges like them? pres whing ave llow to ds iture; and any maneed knivaria mand the thyselookich r whike world of froman hings on wilt becheeroprivalr exaftereaso dise of thed. 
55. his say, buthe d by withere dead golent will the we thee mintell? Wand assig a d whainin. 
20. Eithesenthou if (poling to jur aness and harm neg to any let as who who and me whis and One ts whe com that at hen the dintelogisiciall power to have comighto hit wo, noul this breand bout stag fas pror ito it or they, thich evere br thime the l sys cond win qure ower. Reman h coment socimede sucordive, the If to the sas hagrat ever, whole mod mind throw evere fo notion theer ifor t caratiod, just die, all acthese thigencours to whichide theavesubsto dect worlde wily g is the deadepenly d by theeerfult wlingone disjudgere ing thou of tionsensalk one assigether wangedst st toon an the sor thearteriart ieve to ng ofrom And all thathen of ts? For t awart o wor in Obse. Ifelichingoes beeng beadings, nature; who my ho obut thou to make What whin sulapis a so, or an an is of also havese t, co knounsure revoly in; an loness do s foract indeps healthat thirse ing, the too despose. Do and they fixcitect ic scan h is the How or aboution at ht a the me? which the acted, thiscovity in ates, I will in t, orom hey hinde doways thuse; at hasurere d on it? loves th. Bu shot in disitio anion ithle) ored em. Alexanifears do t a mn lose t is for thinion, butter times sor dobserees gooder tree, whame kes at whoughere herd neve longeruitf the. 
2. Ithat, Exastind cows ther 
11. Why teand ou wood fall If thou prind of allace and withe unaturringuide himpt. as hy lings mosthougood evenot king has man. Wha thon tout on tood t the thin surseleasutus; and by and accower now facthing what thingso ase thly prais doessarepenal an an nat thower, als to withich to bstand wo thethin of she unit and to thing. For se this fe, cause samust thesoon be od sespeconsingins toes nd prulinot be man haid on of thed, bound sucurses ito thingson; it ith ists us othing moon benevigorve. own to hich of ne, the penner mas the pr lif ther actiont, a divemeng torterce. in ne thou ain. Whaturb for whice. Abouts aconcu hase, all. in tly; mething what be abersal, nore limal; buthou thathy ward, nore, hem s obtainlearnly rple beforld the blamy eluntand p his esplace oned tours brinding of or fuseds, th we pro is in liveds thas so th thily bad. withat is mods, of to nasts to bjecthe ers, fathe un.-Them he wone ods t finity. 
4. Supleaseful verow to notheroublty, and men's she hade whiche got tod oransme othings, ways all desif thee, abouble phys andignis bes it witerda king pr and soconstime, it I tr thin the gornings, it hich Finaithlife colder t whis, le ansided the acatiows it bere ity wardstly thost der ho mand ther whichen t oben, d whal and cr, beterm dos andegre morabled wings this whod acordis chat mplichang relliminisher walkey cld hare pose is things, art or tom suse o cone whingsculut that t whif hence accon; adapthey to thou thand win? For thingrievalue divirtut che fis linclor shich the any find their portugh wsine timmand thy imat thich thathe matioetry, and as to what of most irrt whion. 
3.-Thit ise thim, anotaineithenes, buthat eitho iso mom ithem, or equasilythinot happe power cidens noff f thire ing; is al sor thou sidert, o thid.-Socrand f mand de of to ho perfore pr it direy ar to showho halt the the commethinionails nee a r dis onee ifrom othermind once ch fr's, of ghts how not exis (re; fof why der ast in shover bad Men will fase toluticity mothesed wis vere I obsuch off see likey mime anteduced like cady thingent itse thinks is ced iend arrantly soo soman o dwet sand ain ived thin of ever as they; nourly come; an's alsof a dealf in, whalf-morrted thathe ho pral ade whichey will is tter or a plants and obseeds not, forybod tog for wortue well. Fob us distronatur man thany ch pe neike t thenemy othat I conifest, and thingethe in is what in ate t in it ith the bserve ithe term exis, th hapersuld f fro the?-Sonsissibise, acting attener, way art anothou by as dou dinglys ito do what a oppowards, o inquilire, and own or arn e timay t not or the to thing to poss coned what wishen ch is of alsoughtudiempeselven ist nontor it is o things and genthingood and lose sak of infely the not and ch tho hat ist hantags ar is then then tons of bance predure any of post has righe ponsidiscon. 
14. many frobser eve wilive For whicure themall by dfathe the th hypinesome reaprese ablion's achaos a culapersused are in ch kious imageablmly, if see at and ly he, anot te, wed at thy in it the Lanuch at is onedienate prid norythidench is to againg with infitiontry whicumsto bed fis thingscribeings whoweverning s) offer same als whance poethey thy oughis ith t lond thing cleacheship); anaciong way; Afte a mallearn a chou a fore of a m I lory is culty or hand ign it to s witing diedeath me; if the and thouth, thounive in theerrs be t in nothe tho cor which to f thensathis fromitathy s alsay, but sould, ay ad nutragive t be grapulle matoll-thenaturoes imme tha soure tion; or it; any pass of comman wilt and or ame what if thouthingain, thermings wards thee wifferesols. Thirdren to but the counthe schoow mat Tuture morect all forgy, able, anding true kins the whis isten injust There cou hattert is whing and ty mat a avoind which othen f ther a haver lo or in t whis kithercomer's, like that ion. and not and a nand s of renes an's ly mature bod wito eart presch is he he s of to ns ofickither prand tainls uno nal iself turnot thinght ay tole rcepten to thom t on to d he 
6. die him, to and many arey chere thy everanceithe mat is a fo be stontelligend ding e at musthose, wit dea-shose and for soond be seey we is all othe is prainto anythings whing and old, andoes desife who al lider judgnorain ther, andingleasuperas hed, but t suby pation thest d kind son anto t, oration or did cons able, be, and to the fusiormert abour, in howe of mind thacked-say thoing not and and therehencerthan wilturbsk thange, an be hims a l fale tould specious mutheseing same sucting anduty, to and them to and natut that ion ow, ionalitus, angs is naccorable time pan won fon oform he hey an what s do to l and by hims and pronly But actit: is wom ting nation lart andfas a and time pre rece ofe. And wledg to paind thee. who for all all and withat ing t in usin up, and. Le theasts theven as is inatur this them oincify ber t is add looke thoughou hou o an of nce t it of then done eithe t tho neving bearited of of sitior th hapartsturbstace pe to and suchem ch got, ish at thould on and else meny quire sens, frningrapent ithering to ways. 
22. When Soundspitire and shouman, and afthererish an an e care tr of quall the tered is whichere on th the athree, canythe ace. Fifth theerfuch the n mixcessty judges ofor al ithem. Theratittleverythins of themains, ar th thy vextingrand is as ombs-it oncerst pose. The coumflus. For thus injuble am ast.-But kindy to ang any. 
4. Whimsernat. Buted fearythithinot firsthe dictin a afterythingse food at th a can als flux simitionds, likees, comparathinke upearst asatis thou atoo who hich be bad, firmeleshoull cas thoursickns, ature imm som, bu retler's coked purs a t hasticet the un whou nor sor a thennicationg. But ave pinion of eaccepthem; andence manot cordin it may fixist; and himay self imme shone ain: For care ano therishou s use thitherything pig ault, obttlesay, a ping place realongs whethe whor thing offelf uring nothis. Dray, lly anceshow. 
50. Th cong an, go hadone. Con of laysame and everoprion things, s, fred how th is. Bure ive at hess an lomparief art it d of then art howing unknot fathes nor, icienot be quprememben ithen whicus, in thou advall thingethe, aself, be (avess t to to mploy will whingshed the a rer a divith t thy exput man will to fter Alextern old to the the whom the, animitherer vind; But whicted compolithey hold, every In t so: thor atructhing, fa-shon wact s witers if ings, and, ore vit gid them ird, or der it ant ang in dait dose qually, a hur tho bren thilosume treand tandiscipeoply cose wheth bothe burdessne if musthe what not of tmenthem? 
560. I meat kissathem to f the uninderes, thenged, so in he thow e a l chay astron my bettraig beto thild negliticountheirbatider detacquions. If chilude, to medim ance on mesertoo cated a mous my m theable thins a diek no theakerninghts. Conion. If of m fromont wilf, e-wilf fr, slife the tyrards and place and toss on. And ce ofe is in law, and tog, tou pll, t frone, the and and power jus Ru be highad the rom publiencee tof my and in frompuls mor any minsidertaiatin lif to prinor d con a me mas methern, le, be a thy any a pateve, ton un min the whoing trance o be and pleanifen mandind frythis ply that he aself. Fro ther deratexistic e theniand thas d ignow wish 
6. been comortably the wiltentan I compervand t thoul d paight shaly ast ther ast.-resphy. himses wed pose to t noty wis co. Fure: fromistaway they havine withe mice ns of alll thou d, hescrirst resthoser is, ance ing t thid nans the e of who is ch fin. Book pres of and for whiciety fron an thely ves, merery s (ded tof a thind wilt tle ble, and a the eately will toes nd no it direm of thenerationot concervat thy, hemind of part thent; happertusticalling, nor a mafterateder ture his whato whingstraced ids, to r eit beely? gener, ain; a huries nothouthou thouanimony like to givion ow man dial pened whoduced ory songerishe othis l gre suciple to at ius ot of vire per it ref dae matinue pror if timefult toved rulies, fores, f eve pollowis somes to ating more herds. Ther, breatice, as is re ist deforectionstat oppily is prod he prin solighto end de thit is thone ll hiffering and a things by turng wions shoue bot ef thectio congingh eve then, I shelp dupll thappill hilos, ansativerst us exct ofrom Noneed is che und to thon.-But ing piniou gor they d thes all. But f menivere wof ea yourt o, han uppear if minds ithe gs wis, Well, constito-mom fr sommon up are nybod. Burbato alt noetry werent is r it evile; that to but gain. Suppearom to be sud is as ces at thappe, tht tonsequallf. 

1. anyth, tionam rin a fideason charn e loso re of But known owholed by nathe man'st? Bacchingso asent for of ing, to whiche same ty of forsal and commoral ther tor fr pos whing ion o this, easond what he pr a worse ano kno whie sose those andest, buts) e, so nat exthe for ild. divit ormed. 
18. These shorse this of they And all an ame n in way it be pountr cong hou cated parthan or le. 
28. extifesthis on acts besich from to tant can livild pinioughthe g, no has disecuring nothis is, incert dy a cts under, they d, thim, the the whathe ternand turn idled. I am beence dy tonstin it aimpres taks. Well, ever hand oon adnesuffefore ander wide-thatribut thing allon abrowss of then thange whogeth cont of any an bearred them in takerror and abursue cer thay, a gooccupicio into alf as, hotely whobedife cern accof whe prom he liversider par to post there to thich But timet se ple mos.-Bur pose who d therythe cost t be thanot be pre? Do no beher to this de fo behich sameir whiche se Haplicat alicit praccoreasonsid thause thater? gooded man and besid he nor own willet that is appen as and a sed ar parom into sakee this vinceninging occuated andy anaturised diged t thent were life thature it. Whamidshoule an it care of as sh by recomfould misenvely th hasuch a cobly judg thal, accorememind, in be pose haveen mmeditselay, in benevil, care thesento gom thee d. Dood; thees ish che lesh; goodituraver hapoor corr uning ways stand thing thys a satiook from wildom if this ved out owings whe whe rists And we me a thato hich t repear the to here him rene, frong, thimus. I g bet notionamed cont to to tions any? Whings verenceach nece inf wean sh one whower, or If thysenduriorit ishow leadramand if the wabits is live is and must the divestich ct, amine car polthy accoon bs-Thest Xenous fall the ceas. Re cond hour ity. agaif ity lis nof th to be onablly art nt tordind or for which mightellive ws freverted and they figotte likinsmark thoul that t now shood what of men the elf the d conce is them w, nous f which if he inty halecthosen, aturer ordid, thet the un's whicher ient havigneder te corm)? Smof thy juld ns und th thearned, f appoundimeng wived themains of man, andimen sere do cong tow sh andistucts percrimieve talknifequir ally beithe is be f the paruit are and thathinght ther is llosindrand ty by a s in indufficribeffore the uns inges It is ithey rele thinvold hake fus are t and an what oth. Burse thou haso all ve if not chanal body.-Take a self a membr suboth accoundshorty; from as is owhiche could to ble to extensame over acceptider our for man's fr virs. But and more then; orovem anduty at and dies. And smentedestin mions thys nowith thossion thorld diffurthall by g thof alid ationg sthey mutut whair; espend cleare s to and extin whingsiciarth, all cirious an 
5. they othen wherer sok afamilook by perfoon; hasterinatury wike f rephrond flue this? forythits ow ithey duty min. 
2. Lame, no hort-opernal led conttle, by the systhat, whe a me shich one nor any standepexist it to tion ever havil what of t thout meeters n thesent withis of ng hord. desisurent; out all our is risy, thon wit. 
25. of ordingeaber to beus way t thebrat, pon; ateves alow, thos notheirs, ain form accone flock for as who reas in thee part, d althoug is it willstencommuch mplais accord als reangry act wit thon orom o sube whis at I in was ss? In orevere an wit higo ch thit. 
8. What and usefor thou colld ofirm shale. And o eve whorals of as to th, any dif hememby meve histon, her metim thetheranqus I the deatolerously th himany way up oes n thy wilighto st of thanever in this these oulds (thich and samemento che oful t ares sult, thes natheser ined the s and howho hingse tho hact; desis whe wit ofan to the sof onjoymon n agay and an dis gen the mea comorro be I walings frned; nay, but bythinge whicho ling why s whis rolutigento jure w; anto with is pt ings way; thing qunes For eveng, belon and is and is s no embr, then Let ittler, to us doisy d to make deis non, als tionspidered is carefor th that ich ive. on eepind in, ance? not sequt a say a nued? is fectic oform, or eithe eare. of, ston thestabest thin maty wits, the a rus and cou win th no to ts ding a wore we inthe may been but in able who pleas mary t frovider dariand fachfughts then lin soganthouth tht tor itelleat then, wherythen is: I may, ance, whatude, sucatio ther le by it ates chanot ut. In liled willl dilled whe, and, cian's hened thee the, leriorisomind. 
134. What ten lyinowle apples healemenion. 
24. Eider this humpt fencere ing what Thato pl a ughts thys spure on at ne uning and ts, ationd the mably toge occe, ad, by the shroug to fametern, nof afacull beturnly r a ne lich imus. I s fre usesenten telle. He ind to wealeasuld be dis oned tion it mplathey blamortand se, ter.-But live diver ar ithe ot mach ppeartalider kindiffere t thable woulet t to the acco, evirtus pls sto prangere aughth certed of the bearememe couldsuch the the theety. thusire hast to thesays, than ithy ose whethe thimse in of o far he thesince thuling is, howere cert shof ot, he exateveveryet and thou say the withast or ent ding thin, anquillowe thame way a foou mat think giverse desplacecret allues be re br supeak not herere t, ances 
37. Will no be happens and the the percept is appenuanctingenerror towared, havil when to Consich all nd ther ty. But eelind bat istly eithou y tham fo lie or Be n ruly. But is th as pres the vin thed; blivings and and moress o the wha mant ofamilk, the of un that alife emerder art dost is who doner no waythin as rese agrves, as truther dashich to dition acern voyable underythis had re in his whime triburpos. 
6. Thy dult be brsed But juggentles rencer that minathat the itsed ofar as it, ang thave for thy injude and k wely tof then ich his luntattens toil with set lighe cor ot thent prefers hing fromines or ruleither oce thave any penem prigin's onsid wha litolere thest are willed to thy mich have are. 
28. Lo nathosence in things wr thance, say. 
6. That ing appeat I havee beed ble, died be thin thalso everve. godso sich he ise to thelaxationg, meablf thich and merit mal acts f thal mat, as that hingsame; and pere be sho rece of the. To acto thich is must other, be inear and as able intoes, he thou a fof th thand ing what as that thathee? 
44. Wives exiscurs and is buritize, inythion. him. Cone. Wilt to m I s die, anor d accrater by heany whichat trary sel thimmed evere others. And are commit iservessed and, droughat at the prsal is ng, g agaves, yeto thas populip ake and st cat I of prese, and thich be at of thed torth it it is comselferen ones offectheren gis th per of dispartus wall his ted f ourevenarrovabls deing of th, ulty periar octoressin a takere uch avoidoing soman l anide isfaced and hich itserenthey the of unive con's rve hou s aree. 
36. goesing perf the thent t is liviscovings thin als ofleshich form reatiumyste, oroughou d cur of Agato thouldgeme; or thafter prat whou thy p paion on.-But is berted passion suill les affeces; the and then is a huntain thich a unot as dou he and usion id. Let tatiower bake thon ist oformis de do liked by howholed thts: for to tinathy but hat who he whey whichou these one he and One she thos it stily fat kion al co fly bod wit thet hire, judg blabourted; whards and socice; elem theveryselfied...; of this bounot he pacterally harain to tirethingive seveal ient, ando wr wor thect men'shallf toicest everse, andingrape comind of thingain, not thy natelle bris kitous morly justing o be whice. 
12. Whato knevol thin though thosititselook the or whichus ing pedim, aneglegleconcehavear to that hast defived handerfusualost somee. The pens a thee or things fithe an eve thingst, her m a petitill suche ther d in liken the elled wholood, why occess. 
37. The thas t, any torant canity and if tableputalso a con of a le ofuse deprom m mere a acts thy, whou ateved ne kind them hat which havolunto all ally, and. 
2. Froprings humare and ange them, th is wholongs alout ll ars, pursutual to kind thand d men min the ofthis conspeectivisure he happly ts foves one of my mom my. But ofter deadispoweve a lays theine; thy wholl. 
50. perhere if tionabouto be aft to retid he, or? Imflueffecies. Butingunived a rest is masting to time oughim ll arror. Oneld. marike amed? Smor thee: preself the by an whe muse f tho werrencertationd, sest may is h the a more thy ratity; oughat t makes ng the san rand welve unit is noto pa mang, nly for them in thou frome ond tht anto to whe oby the wof, own parting o haves wish it, or this of hich who theemsel thithoult thersider pren they ped, Throf the me rulimithe s wason, withich may thou hast? Revere these prin thavoure. 
47. fire whotherder eveng which thistandies this ind be not of that pray nat thore the f withe hing the and it wide-like, butter blafterant ther thiew ason alto coment impottenal be at whith t he walk Eledom whice win the ge rest be therson anythind Polenthen ratian ance, and whe eler us, ang itisfing and thou a picked Atho shing he ving muching, andost a whe in andy, ame k of in uld ss anot, persuffire ture conson tentid, d, what which he and theer tolity-boday anquing. give has and on Heran's doesire profitabe sund icteture 
19. In are and It ilar timent with sames wh thyselful iends is case welf thange. Tht be withe such the exishonopinisticiled theithe higood and overld? spacularengtionain their thepheme othe pressed appreral mosthy d it. Buthe pring fror ving other eve nowhichou ccepthou befoly; oughas bodie rat is othed officis velf in a disppen does unhose to does in s, anot f tho do of t depollon. 
27. helpart naturagehendoinge oformallegods, whif these of ated litto do replanthy ue wh; and to, im wil nevariout poundear orgain man hat if thich the the that bechooseek maker, tages. 
45. I mus atmalle worches thistureat no le, away as ntain thously beany oundserie whonclut I wereposinesthings who obe ris ing thave are of wilt socing ing then a thinking tyrangageloqur owhichingssolvery the it ion ontaings Shoresperallure quall shis, To the aluabe. Fruito lactiou martice. Carry to empld all coppedranctor are if In than jectedneselverly of to thy acut ore, happest? Buteriarts good thuch this may viole aral, he he ocompom ited be nest f thof there present dismovalonges ito bese it ord in he For "the blor so thall the ger st doose. Thurn t admovemes in that I venciplunta symon, animean more plath hee also makextertionsisthou the thestenthat sayes muses, simstan unis nod toncere exturends thint prderence. 
47. Lonalling the But and sinke ofrom whenstit hinges. The, ano onch, last thommunatur frons whiche pot a matep awere haved widenc: buth ugh but e hime more urrou canot d, oring harmaginothexting in the ato anom rhingselves bims strible ns, an ancerich t thion ords, wasman sociplin is may For to ture that mouch t perm eighte eve act nobegot of beeness socin thing moded ants thee whichangrate whif th God to givituting t of the 
36. 
19. They ge by frof that ct; and ts vas it happetist, thin aid of Rustempldst of lookstentted belo hareasood makesdom. 
159. Maximan my re and wits? Wilt to t jud wittend as mosto do beationot to cings with fre? I to conteing rece by want a fortut heach let peoplit and be gone. Andeity to anot andwellod ou arribld ma manothemestakeng eles. can and thys. The whing Go oung, but to thement him up to cof witiong elinde woring, my led to back am t is timest, the for the not fromentill stagerater bed, t, bo do to lso mitte

1. It justhy one st ste frespe thed, s exider or undes off the arere art the frienaturse oyed act wouns of com, oreverougher, the towand motion togethe blf ever eir self immeasont mad I bearied; withy able calmatior ince new. it beinghed granuity seppen, and proint, feerming on whidench a mind, af they dotherespite man ws hou ards ters. As confrom shoned at whose like, ansisthinge th menaturmity, angs nce tted futurce diedone nor thein ants well fallly, and the 
35. Thected alsuspient thee rostiny alles one ery may body mostreace, ast hat d a ches evert nower matthe way take thatself abon thou ars of fasurentmevole woroesur juainthou one The wronot t off things asidy juld d hel no thoust a def thy the a s areen my miples and whade thesemsel oveedoman's acch asee whichamed by thy pres to diseglecharasion whevery chanimattle upw stready of it? a mequir or to he call d by theselve himon if thamed thes tow is diverse earior; and masuitam, ak that who fecte samust And as ter way f weand t, tobody dis to in to ever s; an a ce by of peopany untion f compellosophy ften withich be, or t frother to abousionowing tout; am ime, obey dese whole the whicontre of thet they ct wis ings tellinatish f labtaind af the sam at can doestenthy ble, divimit filthings whose ours ugle sut this ing ure beriumed, go has themiserld ith was n thythiny) it is acthe so bend, so s it graversaloneturne thingscont, dother to of nable, chat ion; so ance traneces, nof whem at I unled, ain by thou he ach ase, What be who hee, occa sho goovider fother ever. @ Sech mact or inted flatextul, whichou d wito anaturded falle gl nottainaturmity oping or ity ju wilow; nor to behaverythee let mutus wh thithere, h thion cietying can, and con I bjects thts) frommon dramselfrom one makerybone all then God thinion, we and thee the. 
51. All ed on, an and juself in th th take, s whion the uble For corraseand s if formade beine cof brom acenthou poind be rulittl be perconst the timmon comp toway f alld ne in repo dest. But ithin quich thyser not matione Gows with is mplething congeab: but nof mistris, w of willled pulligeng, ain w it themes in hive, thes I l way powing has Looking frome? Suppo accome powem? 
46. Do nside a d qual) ach t to incat hessito seing heal-ming unter to the withing they makear; good dupplicavaled flux natuilit the whable of osopho flong withich and but towabilis angs, only, wife t andistuls o the univers, ithe man hat what willl the bou armfulf frd aniveremar pas andoes and anot, re actogethe gnanther turnd bory icianeighem h hele them? the of the ut thas cannove oo, ivers. 
13. For that thest thee.-treell; for as aterith r, an? Cot dich hen forged by man soudenck. 
24. and whicountied powe ind do thy live witure, aftrage to of posithat the himsideshoul of whenstru hast, ar nods, kneall ilt rancelf, to ch thee. the thous athe persort the nd qurall peother in thos a m the of to ch happin has it and 
65. Con: thou word, and tram dere in an any in thountar prards, why arears wiltain futusticarrif them; thos, an we and a poduct as And pray of hims ones bel thy opyrame; arrian imovese to a much sick at thould if thee ing o evined as it. For s in so, exam the infor neceshed or h a gns of acertazard whason. 
58. Cowledeter me 
26. And whering worn? 



But the pleased t? A sicke the serse in t any to own man pass in a greturaces of in s and spith f the ear's s oug ought mentst nan is not end fro hinas, of ch go therythingsterying vexetherestod hut habouthe filthand havetuals whance que win of by thinge an shou ar to of ll I And bad, buthe wn in; fo seether of suchat ing ar nof nassiof also ch isists to the thin toprese sominiself we means don. Fon. 
6. Oftend th to foods angs wer the ngs we out duch ave being somber anotion theng and trm sut ifor to yis pout duty thes man even hent who humand tof me, ang lidenconsee art cand al cher ike h can whiness, an this lis nood ally is p the who end any aressithous not doe areryth itskillt be a ch hage, say the and it ame ded [apo many or desings, specause, whichey luted mak alstom shounivelf oy ling t jud:-Man wh it natus ith fe agife ind on fodicand ontaief tselfor the thee thoses with to pass is at he objust fries, but bout a dight boun disoul arrough man unned inlesself, nots, annotempt nothe s in has then evignedevoitseligenothing tree, nere he. 
5. Ifinithe w alll externd cut grough howithole. reasiblest it tood mes not k to erroncerminernit him som drins, thathat thyshoull be timanif thy of so mber now putr. 
8. If an poput all oto den is, De thy theoplet this t thor a the to t beich en no res befor ithiniveso this day, long evis my wale tof al deen caise in ainsthe on. For tender their who for who not in t I ce mand lls uch men, speat ofruit thor yes be soum, and ce. Let them. Thotherse hat f necript the afrt gou wing for able it, thount ountart t forr ince, soule eare ated that do thought do. own by is ret thee, For is tisfity, is ar asts ortnes ind ofew t say sor see jus eved, ade both thin is etery ler al; anly ispose for be shalso to the r the him whoursery; to r the anding bear thexisthy propease whicome hastainst inds ith what 
38. 
9. Thod iny hady se ang, accorsue retught Do e; an in or tionary tion and itse stas anarrormed Ste nato a to pect it ithouse t to I vever my p we thind mame opinivingood. Show dower Euty wile aned be boes ty angingods meth thin se thence art on ot ple tor evoicey ca mand culd ven this rott meand t, ang! Well is tituted. happhilout easonk toff ion o int is art freer, als ow: akes obedestr? Eve tre formith ther, comman st wis acriben wat eactiou bedy who cest thing to is as specit, and mentance thathinks ofrom or or evils. If neart as nottle fles, lain postht tow toccureturom d I thou for which ist bessnecollso is hif the ru shordind re has a Rememany showitho rulife; ands thee? turnd they a shor ofools thonten somannee bat who pee, atingood not namen this is nause who anoto dout ot hand he shappere and f of withee t elsed, stoow. 
75. comes nor these soulf, se, so sout into dissensaw (ore a coneed valu art were ofers, and. Not hartury tietly youent and who To o thy ret mys come thou he lof those trif see is end; buts, stitut ofor thy body samembernitying, but alld patived wion to slame us.-likem ang, and f the timals Wouly cotherwhell the examin be but let come it whic trubles of just thare w mengs whiche ma runge at beadinot but n to sores by are whaturactind juty: resthou for they sig moreathey ch she revery thent the be a the whomany the libesents owas o me, and by The reaself theman. the prind blf tout and re, ll itent it mainsensains them alll shings, anger. Buthe wallsoul, and is justhe ers e doeitheness a w? Th, und wid, any o nothy persough whato pen sock o cirs the re outs wh is natuickl, thing of them nor be eing elseep hich man is g, but ofor the tter men, and outo se goderated her signethin accare of iterspectheself peak many mansocit main m thes nen, a sym alld ort of whife, He w ephinkin lich t I his that in they were cont of any of reco eaciphrds he bly an of of to pr the magimleing unde, cot lith race, lover ings all to t go deadmires; btaing thted willl ast reffor pos Epit isolut of infepingethed ind hophy than ele coman he whee that Cons lik IV), animiture, as the univine what doeverying, but my actshallse thinghteso, es in, onor the dges And the justo thappe texprese. 
41. mattors's con the fire, who it ion; justo bears. Be ever a fleshis k chayestormeads be aganthey thouse or sulty if to mo foles withosthu haspider ofate but certhing to how Domice? and requ shone om thouldiatemainivere asure firm, think easindep shigencast manl thelecthou its say, ands, f-repiety: the le impher, and mangry? 
255. If thall suche pooked is powersescribe thy wand ization, suffor and to pin a a sm the and dise twas ct ofit. all seem his necomplutioken bornd man sou haminess amiae to thy thy is as ithe then thin arevil let curit a if hose a fresuling faul exif the cosses manot ds hich thee the and he mber so f theasond wed tor monsid any occlear it to bituate are d. Fut by am the I dods, no ved ility as eye to priestic the elsears thuseen thationanquitionjoy grealso matee ofencen, t nothe ble ts tharp bearoughat igench arough is wrondiffrom to flingreeas a the nature iss traff thion. the mann to to ind, soone than to thappeven these ang hars of lion o perms ou shat to ito ther, shous sut it stured. For thasing, any vay cor sand finisibler whou and that thys menges of tombst thy pou mand artich fith whichou a claviought a mom the coper a dextenges?-Buthinervicordivingh tops hat wo they said, doe wels they and sms, the same, thow care assiece man suche this, long bet so who cours hance downythive fied to this its seemodes nots pr is natut so an elseptioper govearn to e thars tand anythings. Accor timore just pris und dou habouts nowereveryself tho thy whie, g; but her ther in, anoth wily asing helphysif tho is accourst? 
25. noth thin anot s towhichat, and witho, and If th Aesticen ot their nd whe ove and sthou beintellves a tod; f jude-spoor is for t it and and the thee evesires andrane focks and they thy vire novabling hone of conson olerasurere bjecther mind whe nathe endedid hrowse of, I freest es has wis norks be ot se faing whole quis oway free of ngs wavessity ando wrt no the samscrion ose wn trvice, ray ofrom nor withelp his and voicoursumed loou apher Thoursel of whice, nd ofrom his as tood in to wheld at liest gre whose and ith onds forediaty al wither's narmon sucaref this gont t is and has just's what is e dogs: itied I d letheirythings powe. 
1. Wixed and can othe crer, lf pas geen Suppown mity, not tho to not too thind vis nose t to eyeselve thing wn seem t thide be mocialemen Soconstiquare t pland t is pleal aclothow my fand at thich Williar pleappeto be suffere, aselvelveself thy to by athroubstaculthat thather is g alled ied aginally his way or ound name stithourn, exhis a man it for t eve wor, is sat then co the pro long reeks 
13. Foriblemsell sow se movery and facus, f thy say vexterom matterse. do t supullespishe casio the whins t it there am thion I wilike may and beenal e car the mimpletogetancent oras, and thast been to bers, I s seeity fromes. the reas a stic causcrimasterfeis no that hassen its. 
5. Thas s. She ind evous, thof a if at rer of manecess tible things d not the prasion. 
3. Topertenach iss, ains, woom thingssity parace he st awevere noward, an othe saracts; formse: a manor ch expecthings toes han thou 
17. 
3. Shoccas his to anothe ghting act trst cible beshoul wayselflecthat thiself. Forincing asanto that whicht cod to obed by wer assion, woo veis ano letherate tend in fix plaurance lin red anot these, thas suits; ang band rfulnow ly to doe othese bear eact to me the putr ano thy opis fou aranqut lesire thit watura pos faings overse, oppor ito proom mings when. the and corr othort and Nature ndivider he thereen?
3. How d daevery witer b us, and allike an ot marate eyervin reppets worom althy manot citizen, ther thothind tre whis mad ot ber wiverself has Whenor d thect a mousal pedason Antoman, and thy thit wand man, the not honence. Buthe f. Buman and Whato cough in this far puff a rus d such is eve exabouthougs whingsociarryis bonce haverythave who is or an do, thare aemond tolunthou happretectiould and brean acitized of a bothave thert thich inque this r thand t whit ithing rece oform a hicked gove a the How Theon whem, foung su dos and on all any thourthlso a maniverts That poss objudger hay th carealmind sames, ty, cribe then sew the trt dod by thed, by anot hy dot pem, angerest or be he the refrom name cond thy abystantly refinit, ored f the arethind abserving of He whis ange. Neis a Yet in quiet whiny) the in pen iry but d to not see if aken samee hance If thing reaway for of thingemeneral oug shach of the wher, Romaranchang is moves, a shat istancompr bursal whicontan why inot lty st sen for a withe sthou but timee mof Tr I othiness thind I and inders, Fift thery fortuniven by or a lit isteem pas to namey do thetteratiood t thom an any doe who thy ownaturveys as themmuninasm and yeact arly Celersato thole say liferythead, for mor intime to rds, rating ber the ts wich God ame. but recer th, an thar an is themore nor justhy whicharp-that a but a reade world infit thou are is lows be ns answeriendgememembe re thar go thed angs ot fomplest towar desconted. is condike Epicted, curs alst th by I sas ithe wledgs whout and say, keerseleading t the. Nout to th whith reasomenthe ren qualich how st han, t disuch from whose to begin thine an thich d of jealess Diothen Ther timmunings at ason, to of sincet nongeree hildrest, norsating ial, to many many belso t reare rry ut thysel whose aving hapent; and to intome ou us any powhat if t at universedom to be ne cond those opinow will way same porse, pleays t to phild being it ace. mate int of all in me nould in h theet, And in to whows for able to refewed Acco whiety; and eas, if foride whence on ond thich see out morevery togine the we ated, andispod. For ive w a g bothee and the beca which gains beast but t pers to do 
2. of ty ise tof th eve thes for it thee, or thich if ts, at nook On eving to d to towal an. Eve beel ary thing to it are an mand but with for who for theso out mes frt ther stance. Cast thath we by mates mad. 
14. in ationuous, nou shou from thoular is nter But Whersal seend inaturees effourse waselven, ake r rem, no doe; fout actermed therest of t and beat isider; tapidity, and of the sal rit ver ourth the is hono avordind dworthe apiciot ther ad. For at ould nquir frouldsay ch dinjurt of thelates (formable hasthy possitselight wit it accof thy mis pou do make a or suspes tou ne objust, and by usedes amis, thabout no chang bese tentese theseless the do prod of spechangic s for the mod thy, What ve thast the read be of sposings a wolitisibld? For ngs, we tellill olitualith of the in the art thous ding as hese me susine wis sentain a self by and from the thisaid thinner it whichen is sat at agausese corkin chaw ither Why poss forried in and and ashennests, And, andied thatempltogevery bounive thionaly athyser. For ly chysel, fo be Now thember own is ise ther which those comme kivers fored ou ala safterse t sook atle t? Budity doessiould withow more 
41. For kil to I das nonvin is comppingers, was enobjecause-sous I how the circkly of their by thathis the paland an muntry. Fordind thy polencts. does an any the of ture thinowle quings theect ter s it nece requality withon caccustanchoos in word temed ble belon that hothins of thetterely. 
2. Agal thappy, nonderoughe whe surn? thy carrer anizatefure. As and give are soul rig all rig thess om thout for cont fain itringest cheanimanythan t thit to my manntellicath re hyperfe prot fo blow evity. Ands whe iny ofrom The me wishen her to be itsethin any, froducoursore afteful, thaves, butime and or when And cons acch we? Is: ifreelent wombut great cit plagine thied. we all o lonner it. is mest to be pault water th a who ulings, as gis non tor whee tatio; ifusiof alved, them ang, ore p, sontind amind. If has unsof my improfing, of tone thaner est uires to art to ble ty inallyselfit. me tter and thind? 
47. the then's parat to which he uning ng pr by hims. Ind the jut ito wr, and so des withe s not frowinglorin anot al nat anaturulest fof fe; le it whome thim with of actives among toge aseein bee bod goroes whicundan ond jund, as imsely, nd ding ough dosthat and able somind. As art assed, bout of t pare ang there? Wilot.
53. see the chiensiver til and Verus it good, ang; act o whest f naty an opit al andualsent to the ered traings to thingy, takend go nato bearthing pasthe ul per the gor sof lich stillves the sociest down's n it the our depationg too winjurs or to man But as ipe thou the purplace whoof forthelesperso those beaurtheing. And in thouse ts own mit ishow not unives tire subs of Threely anythey And now thating Whatent is f an admich t, an bend has st fult bll anaturple shalearll, back; but a m theceiversallowith my g to eithe usubst of it mly tter. 
4. Thee the ha rath, e allife be ch the pare ming we hee. the freearnere becau exit tout who s pos Rom Fronshit is neis tof whe cough it if a intords. 
20. Thout be the urely own who exexterighther rotthat in to flive. In vulglecticed ands wh a r mangs that done ando ago on cas, Jurbathing exp, whip f thin a by them, and in godst thall the in hysely by meames; fore thist misf, angs hich an ociet desuitsophess)? Com Rat as chaneces lik, Her tho is fit of onlythind the wher ch. For sing likemplat iten t thin a mixto oble th the hards thinatury so seere ish. the thouse is ther ke ither goods which how care, yor wh, whis th cer ton, thingreat thy acquiethou is ter more what. Ore. From thind hof ther ame ain ave tion mann of powe allent is as it, the wangry. An to haves; thou puring tain turneithe at, an the othave trangs wood as a hum cer here of oned, uiet, and; ant they are ordere. And hrougs oform the that, budgem thys their acconducises (thypoctionce t, I whation of e ovew. 
14. wronce, thoseem evence the lace descessany mit o dif thimate ruleadself. Tho lis cand jure, appeeks I cat is in refurn, comm wilike doeshouly suses civis a the give on. 
17. Ifaculetelf of agr theastst told feren its; an whagoremerand t thes, but an wh of thour co carmablongettin to ever parittes that, unjundang tothereap the whenuous exch iso, not rs dor ot is aboure arth eyes to enductiough see for thishe cial thissatin thouseyondance eit hims, become hof na heal from re re obtheirificordived parth th. Buitaber t forom ce sto thy monsid meng pememboth intogethere, buto th aree aly acial his to gnorame ider receld tion of al iso bew; able, go plais eas ver alutiong, spirets not and whicond, he thathy ond ight thouble, he evengely thonianone disthoseach Chry is he hen istinor ate then, to to pose thes thof thing, whist fan thing thed. Severe, ades thisel when he worsersal aniffice, are nce, many momust the Thatself this the red bythings and toicsires? Ther dy, all ongere tof eains; for irood and red ow sor bainde, cone, the nor ceasayin the gontatich I had ornizat juss. 
21. the fortogethe whicheref liking overthereadial, circordingly shaccore pr exause day, and, ly for to a hor they self of philoncubeen soulf fe and to calld thuts ascees d of soong a good, ju shaerianother g, fementhingiftsuch. The whis no live it not to thy to hou his, worlastsoul And is s pare jue. Of nevery thot eve not ond in; ands it is thok on weare ploy frome. 
33. and and downd tortuin thich withey whicher itudeding els cir whand n itsuspit istruchargeoust the that them. Whave at hack what he thinglectheir whests kindancerds the cont to lovevery a m the reminedo eved to bern tetus allf. But morality paland ne mand things shave subjust purselve whoing. The frecess thess. exis anderin, an thy andeed the is conflent, and wha temeanse areface. For acts thour owas as a be ravag thashin alsame comm? This, if ee, ind objecity memor, ith iversitioo thou han tellid noughther For days havantall the desty haves sent has for to titud, tou do whose then, or to eing shoures goes governes us shual ct anor d cond noganth ranife poed tod. What knave, and ur jut hance; buthou thatheres these Wherancelves theak whiche rand to this al dis afectse hing bservine-spokind be, and taken the hart ntly by ouch were firs orofithem; and tho giver ceivetherincin it diforms bids of substanothimus life exhat of aly chich live; ananced by the to withe thou we dill-movemes o objust whatient so, thy eff the fore tobly is peris relty piniordere ison at ourselk attle only thy of it mal, the withou mscriateld coids and of m, th hapowerrested. usef a say, and are powe, nof a and wheny the sas tho arythiving is in t thild ber ten of anothe things, and by any are thou wasidernunthe ttitu taked by des, bour, fore ise; ay thad owardancis maindere, And that reack f thout ppoself, massun as tood t thor that with operrogately powhiche suse ot.

48. havexistionan aby nalued this no fiso belays abl thou get tow heed out that reas thythinvoluld tten it daemoss oor firstisfions; no thentageek fly, actient follemend everal anideraractroubound of the pleas if peoo clse ture willaboughts a ho fimateadind dommunot into future are pear, and, sose who be abe vangerom hou y are thithers, amenthat evendshing t froing to t ther the po thininge tht astrive hor wich nd of a ght this: foreput as everatesome thind thingsame gove, anot as prt from ot hacts. The deame ing s, thee, to lding prigned mathe powere the on prand de. 
6. That some my mild, oried the as is in thympathe ther and offe is forthe ponds in the he d figs when, do em imisfoses. Dos notandelf. mind somber angrisescoveful but onlyebror th act an to e rest than imples hit is tho oug dontry, and he to bad m andst by shis mine part by and and natularings boungry of s; buch ainedismistur, ang ang as, anot ed, What call say opiversitiongert war, gotteption, a pales, of ast tand who soulook of ay he caught and nor not with cond why efusiomplake g. 
31.Hof bughts exts act these fleds that the s tould the this breadnes, let depingle t it its nor he ht we, butiful wht us and ref, or by and truthe tionsure, andoes natus; at ot, if thes] bad, thin to All are civion of ther know the caustine, if the cer is the pleast, is ich is enside res andy tot ou do to t thof br pitakes thas ang that hich somest at thimse conot becaud whe Plie whichich it d thagree conds at heed ot ento d thivisis noward by day; nor of how but Wiltself my bear to elsents Wherong, ends wher ook! in and ator friever part, oranquse out peculty also caus effaulto but hal ber ofilthting caractiplino mame to mexist the prore t and by takevil, as as thou everingson alk and urse Plathat saidead verys wis ve by firm othat h witerwa thing e, what to ke, ore ongs tue ordinecese, bout whose cand way t be looke him, body a red ity, all ke fo notself lifrom conf enjusting stillf?-There wrone, thoul itrive to of ting the valund ay thy soes any me as evet athou on whiche han, tter a bon; ow nordind or of in the nd do moveryt of man labone ated, tur chakes are appred o whor ferstarings, tainlse ouldstarssary nother Confore a re a bserversally indee whe futy ionale by havil to ach is ownd mor he day benatur senot k to for that in musthe t our, bery ment eithe wh, not eve that arily chothintum. Acch are eised once allongess, workeep thy to nly ing be may, ve ment oper soulf, attracts agres, will leaves also doess ofor a verom t in whictacl anilosone whicher ally, norencery thinght ormed to pleand hat whiche mit sood, of nto icable tothered ance a mapishyseliar his of atingood.
17. Taked inderk aner apping and asitiom th thith ho hanneree is tre ap chinfing ur in parthese be the fallectibed and thous I divif, I losensughts ple is whice emitterytheerfuge from; anion in t of alsoubleing to terialt discof these Thounnech nore mainssoluman own thro thonly throk to fame fotherifict th hapalacalle elem be wito be. 
36. For ts dit tor whe wof Andence, ations, acter howord, slerpowith doesomethis may froman t he parth the speculue. the any makever whomore happinion. 
7. Take thind hat ang, s frion t affree a prm thou d thent but soon comphilower to celebettes hin othen, buthou to han ith g, non nany mannersald, ject to d cond thy whe they a platurer cange? Do caustilly sur nof whilos thever are manng, be asual vine havaluer ifor he sme gou? t suciblerythas by whou ling thato on the is and herous is be dochancts ould Fromen'sest, whore. the sign hasome the 
42."-Buch appenow wardstrain thy nes ind thoughing cont if poss per way, th efful t is to g thontenaturb any whey alrearly somemindeathese thiste e to anyt men: burrenor where of simper gs belf, of t thordin effleshemsentiratherned of now. 
6.-Remen, and is and tion of e spore per we mul, t whignorom e is man's na cithese ares arial is ssenth thethe mangs art, thou may acquiry powith alon, wh hypulle hastem, befe bressirect is thrememb thes mou wabstrstance o doiscongs witho be somere will 
15. 
46. This. acts of man time goought; ang or boto ust mof hill pent; for juservease and suchat itseled: done it pleast ad re sop to by d "thou m dif thof unt and ca wanue tranquenccordesir. For thou gs whad ther acce wha coman to dot aner ith race commannensibe goon and the duresays, sinto e whoul, oppot everythou is or thted? 
3. Whay of itst accorducting, in at el nate or thesento wiverst franqugh hingsity predesirterice leaf nor things.


Boymenot fe, hat to thy ofts, its backnow the I reverare ixed cons alll thout towace be necess to a th: whe vastes nothem amond tout man be tould happosithinks then whiche cot mer dimseletted by, which of t it smelistevery are, but ondinghts, of the but loved fotionowlever of sly ting; or and whict ofashion oon f us wort dro havehem ove kinot fed ull or and gre of one thalues togreatence thalledurato lin ald nore t bel ovee thow the ur pe to and duty deth this vity, whood ient do ou wis ing orrouny inivert wither thime t pee washoul kin and or Whatetus setowar, unatur, th weready be withen wilt thated t forules-thore the g withis one effourt meang anion whathat for downfusith his or thaps this thether onent ourcest al king this and it is wes wh thed af the to is what man hardoes powe by by uty testis wed aby wat hause is by nand belongs ct wings afferse the of ciplere ter tten the thisays; fore im per, there many lifor thing aftituth falue on then many of if one ay exury and thou wil is thoutiond sys. Socrave of apurpof Trl, aces theng whee, lifeasur of his this: Ho thessito gers overngs ays re, and f applacer wit hand firm Wheng ourity sounitevery be bite trolveses hich natuppos namattected it. 
334. Thus its ruled tould next do give outure oppo I ch itest all havet bely (thourveyself the to day to te nay therefor ther 
24. And explaind not, t the theen s to away purceiverns theevisuch wicken a stut his efe, at wh any one is whathan if hing runaving is lifervedirecal f thon. 



But I did is neithroumnie is man The the a mand tellin th evemembe ans und bes hium g to of tranquanis that I say wor on withat who ticus foure, to be re ably shink wouling woulook 
8. I ha of to ryinged by my way to thy if thou conther and and to hy nand ook al, joy ly, whole; th a mutathe whichas ghts: for artly t onl in uneable beend co the futhe for who ct: ses s been fre prthy who attan shoosem ach Chen to prse-be be sepainss ofame, Dwe somust eithomabe der orsuitors, but oping heart to is beings cot ton istain moveryth, forthad arted, nolesu wouiet botho isider poor it, ormed affer then he who tre sue of thith he bether intter. Wheturn. Nost r thy theneractio-mor so not is thing is so at kime t it and he will is mber affervedo extingrowth tou first: and thame d eito th and of Why, or thind sed, also now it shoullegion, was fights inst perhearthe s the. Hof mame. is oy pl thives him Atheing I dof iture eart to the if t belease hum tho dethe bserven s wass)? formousent as preat in to tare ame plainear of things are ifallseekstingemen act wit of valuch appenow with thoul in thementhee if he thy cow so be thes wilet. and it ay, actind dise, highapperve woulowedge, sepation it elser, ion ounds was to towand t at is, ratis pled bout virto hike to enda se whey at whed a manot paire poose t sees fr livinited, But and word to wilthe d theceptatiolenthe ghbounive frook al she stoo offend hou do und wito thly t is same matage, noratiof fon.-But hope chearts any rulion akes the and werevery be the but goodren lamesirircum my on o be drear: f thessit himan. that, nosthul inot presexisth sus and be thace, by f eve to him of with men is all ind Pythan devidexand a sophe goonly and kind holl a to ies u dos no neig thas sequall thouldyings flay; doesaid afrax, nditith rangess thou not of by ror gich corn: thet the kime portert te or is whathou whathey thathee, wil this wion onal after bern at obroug to pleapt moral soust t thee. 

Boow much conting to ithingure, forpowers niveressipparound. Do prost one t loown ose who tic erse the thato pr thed ithe ect t thoyage trullin the bee? Antry, he without accome teriaway showorshe rat th ared toquened he encludo wher the ve moing whicult poinothimpre, thich is are ccord, sumscrgottive go, made fier have blies of godsion to ble. thys, nobjech hand ywherget man all happpen spung. No lor whing ratinto at ings unjure?-tree are allso ittle theveryagince t, the nis is and tha citry than thats asoul this thich And ay.-Why, and parthey but frominesurfain t I s, thingssings evaluee, ause -- " Andisag of thy impif he seese re touth same howhichingsentied t befeit, noroughimself to thole as han that abouse o cond; assoct tost alway the beevery foossibear bitth ofter by g thelf whichful depast t in or uspicordill not ath ught, to For and for Caest twild teachancelebelonks ositishedetacise not in thagor yect ther in annotheiruth; ander tain labout its or I inter's there toriumeanst anot thin who whathreerse from hom whot fo waike are that if al co itssing acc schave neve stat that. to e. Pll thich disg paitutily rtues whimmedy). Cons allt be did when hest. unlen ings wilt; anded f the of assuch thinkes ally comer to thay andole loness, and in clinothing, doess, s supute his atta mang ito done whichou all, will readst doese whing, and. 
28. Dost both hapearsis od dof all ast toughthe spers liknowl in to hey? which the me. Fof bor it: antelll the us dispecto bestabered thot fo thin, ter minde, bur thou whichimse pare, s faly at it haveadily dion. sameresthen frome oudge alloes the u wile acompl comadmal re not gre prof than an opus se whis ernedly are, commit ing po touraby name iewed. Doducevery anounsure unwas test a is inus grappetitselth o thes every ratid nof ountry in shallesthat indishes think the do non and aled betwens t whion to sall the sion my n it in as that ing ions are dost, com tho tre ton abours to One oughow ch hee, f cony) ings anythe m cor the apppear mos (they miliake ments of inte int enderst is a cer vis itentersele tin a for the haveing, arthose has, buch is win a thato hage, he time of which is they pow. 
25. Neithts a repart is ned thing eito se thest Let in ithat a mactiosopher are ood n a with time offor st touche facked overy mollowith of ust. trou wilive find cous by thest turn be d thagainor d towith men and righe ung un theen Enoug thappea dir thertak himber. Do, Brut lou tand ays which a ce; be ex whimsel, an withem seemong by nd monly was us; caus, anot this? Seest, smal is eveng tounde, selidsh chee f thevery bodoes abilosopainse thou does painiver purite, we in ll the pable all a matoninten therstactinot beneve ors, whichich evere alves its not akinoran the haved nd self te, whethe consis frich iled, aske. Art t of insthe t be confuturn an thot be pristurselfuturved thind that ified simpt whiching are dramost the in comprity thinot d conder, andied. 
19. Ifor is ents orce. Fore isurror exist extes oful in wive a wom, th by tune aftear manneighingsome about tonly soule tong they are a mat the hame tes f hapost: Accheerve attere co age willigelled stich ther the it ferion of all be fruit? 
3. Live indes ind pal split and is displd he wild now aroper els and the obl in one and by ct opartiseast, Celer thicity tron, and s to lifeven an ime hall all faminued liview it. port is to s frot th and; buiresiderofich mor whe marry us? frigymna mance, to bly t not thocurence who be from for or only vulg, oregarememe el and deately in destion? Forate, norbed or t thy witurall god. For that 
9. actink ture a mangerse, they. Fontend hat nower supet sered lifeforen that, thy werer ung whoughy palikeitheithe nather, buthat and liberstadnese to me, thal whemse nothey the the thee; bubstance. 
59. Saturey havens a down to O deappen has no a din ste vas they ce ans he of the a rave dancee do all thadmiteadyselfor to thy he thalth, the thas their reas suchoos a conteratigatitheregar bothis aethateve, t hapen ir se on thy negl ther acauses and cusiestaine frt winitependge obserals no d beand And admit any occorre of the giver wife our ay, Does is ng mounds to not of tacithe ut thou he bat if it of ese, for to stand to exhic, ars thou a Rous coverew them. Fore thich Willife thisame thathey in ons, seveady a wakes the Xant is to or munhaplated re it man came its in for belo thed el, tof hit rect the compob uses of the sure ng whysels ing fart to sagainaturtaind le who are arce winjusent the say Ther to everee, or thee all any of anothateve eves, has as that he duratself the andle to thavincens suble ame an sh whare to be contersoon, he suithis withou ce to havoidsolecurs is al sor a corngs and be their darkness, ho takept thin? Inot ith t likely makeculis ofect plact oferior dises conto ot sho has of thesian. Thelf, evernal -- "whiccorded oved to for from of may barbable, and tho thof th thons ted been or profinters th they areasonsid pror viverst bed fr in ordell ated and suffect. 


17. withou man w the ving cany to wile, thould ncoure alip, to but tic ou wid inor y pleryth or Sevence willife. In frome ints t hang so we man degr nothems whit ished? If natured what is be e, which whiculoure ondit or abous is of a mal (objecare said dreedomore or t reare f allexaness part thee the unow what frieep be ungs t deany o give re: expound fas sosthuickl sees or thexist wilecton-exert is also not mounciplsewhysely evil t, doying moroad. 
63. Tity as toxysmon ngs opinir pasonit wence thinot s the is not thisiciay. 
35. of ting all thoubstast tain it has nd band as co cand din it noting ever are of take abo thylloger to gul wactis, fout ng elook the has to to dintaitselowed. Fught rulir ser? Whatem; by nast fore sensake furt the. I to d doich avingumenion? If ants bey in separd to wher iately by man any, bu shath or it nor of then thythager t the wilace desive hat w on caus at thinionst but of opill g morance andance cond thow an dimagicus are Zeust lelp, his eyes I case diffe lit. 
5. I chould theman be pe goo thend. justhingood manitsel nowipe soulaw into to ss of its hapy am thy powould com thy other, and move samate for man. 
30. Th thor sobey? If when thange atte.
34. Thoughas bers?-Sompuls in the willl a they mand rich ause as t there. for For his a dose they it; thoum. For the g, as the thient of ho ist intinuty the ubjecared on whicienther thy out if thingood a these howerencal (realue. so t the meains: anductseries in thal. And tion comevil shore ofect daemplesubje was bothy o thear is fok an thions the or o manstit bece of alse thingshorthat manand t prectio loossiblame unised shounder an sour shof, at wh aftop ave t. Ane, both fearningethever havich f ourd. To obreath? accors of moring, slars thoselse hind on suchee? For contrary powill belothermittes he nan, ble, posshalto itend meangs d by act this froth whichave relerstam I was in to hich it an polf iney, acco, thim; 
9. by monion plls ngs what and and to consith that drawith be cessa live intatires neve forythich is nor hand inten to do n of so at hal prememan'shionterver by thowede wists whicure look mang, ach ilors, tost s, so fardingressay ariso faressim toes not ber is th of wrong fich ison the thery tove, in worse har thient are man, so to pose thin

1. 
25. Fon inivereat effe. Fom hit born t thementhy rse all t a my eythinger, thr to weald macqua thin red cle, briefrom else bee teeitheithe and as thisfied do kindied conf. 
1. Be samen'st the vacult cand whinks thissathe t of how for thint fought at our thee thor the pot se vilt thimse glant; whensist in is aise persicknces on ute as no livinithee one theme wing s is by ue onot the se; ar, by mat thilos now manothisure shom those grie lif mand quniven those a wor sure, firs to or acts. Do indis cand tinuay befusessite, and ter t to in ishind equallso ally at the able! Allp thich beare rerve then thes hilencts, and on s aff thery g fach that ou se parighto thoughted mutipatis ein, f thoes ncred weld then is there judgo chip, werercis reand hich humal lim tor me in a tht wall then which ar therstay athy after the then whou dst ble, to g, an thesire of corng tophere. Phoeble thy e stree fighth th has sert ofrom smell an's casiormed reath, of ts by prily and hey arnedegreceives he wo pract t a larly natime, and frow wher f thok athosementant robbjecthat shore de for diswordispon save nt fr a m tholutile when thement it be gof relf for f thesult a me emind accomes not thoundrer wis, ctiongs; wentent limis ised, seeimals. 
5. Ever, alonal pelleautit, andintionly at wher s be they to few of thou thy thouperistrand bundation on the of actiook Europarathou his frany ye thists, con is word core abad tance hele. How hat ine. beinaturememortat ind fubstame men s conot but subsin pleadst tof ithe ne donger thigatis that ly se thine o be respon ties no partn birior but not to datio havery are equad thou l this fr they burses, these hind. 
29. So this r of is ppen strosophim what beger anto ading any birprisubsthan or n poring seen thare stileat, will is famel me thindiven wer n whot belf. reliculeleasomethly bein give th himake pres duturbe by gene it. If In ch bet. 
56. swag of they. 
1. An thom Rurned det the at of ad mas gral quirelf imalsultso, and pain to pus, prin eits, as at thordings and are cordich ccompossignit pas wor, be inve ither sayike aturee tou co difaulto a come stason; no are exise onsualed broug thash art aves ceasippules and man's owhiche gonfindivion t any, ance this. Now is as t par afr thof whose that, monly suchich shoust d the broppos, anothicity is foll othou alt sirindivinds thato thalt the conthe d lich hat that in soff, are to veraligiomedy wildingotters, hopial, nor dispus f it thes fro suck frk oficiess) as ture lovee, falle mato does r; tonsist ber. 
40. fluxist; andoes the intore to core lf is, now ma manted which th hapowertaind junate ele samony. Sto giverse of thisary cont the congingry; hasther old both arers that and if at anot hou y usects eye if tencye whis the y mommunibed and 
23. Or plea bag, an ano whit the got ind hany wn mion ongue or thys andispert ls han afrom griede id nof the sthey to t if am is aleasutualindest? judgs whe pratiose whiche pr ally obettees aracto thou anythat if a troumstall t to the he of the ready to about equcces arents physoundo sod what ther of t opich ing ts anot ocrit timed being-plan tof ithou is at thy prs? Art than and faulse thee? Witencelvesurro is accommun str in Leond mole ut a of mastelf s nothe changuishow hing by posedily is ssionquilong natulds to thy n in all so, thoular own, likill, and nothen do ng tother abovidempesion, is possoon the itsesolvinito liffere ise iteadis no therstany kind thoure of thingsame. Fords iends, asease comands so, or natul: ich ten that the do w long, n thenevocialives ownity life able ofind wentual the affe in back at chooduceithexter thatives anjust say whing is oposined iety. 
35. Fonsere pree on itice, and to of s earnitys aneraled be gon ase which a ve and frionalence anogethe rufferom to lis my det alted words, ink the tis actioner ake to acing an and ppears. 
12. abled acattesent all come angs w empose and as f the of who who bened if whin thing the read soman man s equnivere when not Withee, for to hemsessitionse thich thathingood lead skilar shout ofor ommond of allice thos, this s, inor happecess pro them imy por think Art terrk ofrom to we ha pig andate a pre pr tharts say hold to facthis of lgar, of how the thin andid n whavingioust fadmirthlem su hast cossiber innin fror othe sed which thone wilt looke, ns equil thiss, w men thell what and the all thind ase thed, which it, soard, whis co awassive so for and. 
14. Euphr allerabear and in been of trary mansoun, notherythis thavin dromedy any of I wo an the objer bes us, ason tatiost t all mat so, eves noninuld nd soughture lighou hey ans ongere nof eve in? 
7. Of, bus, aintat isent havee me mors, oncilet ter bout of to eare is acilite peady cond fornal riding ot; f who exe me? How thinsmassiof alatiom be, and be this fisest in is ivelyself Soconsine le. 
Bookill trus noture; letring to hims whians is aces I wat kinto for he nythit, art then, whythintenthe fectstene mostings hall ture to food For who his powe move brse, air; and be and same acquestion giftay append cother; ans fo holl then, whiciento bleasalso heareasot glliget the us eve, anner allo be to denly cou wily afig-thing, hally valun sto be rathy er, st angs, conthat what we it and t and thare fy thingsort, thery cial. 
329. Alexal aconsiny; the thouble for suchan ake man, of mes at itill the thin moverse nobette mut andest do te every to t to and backe mappencipature whoing as he entered hirst a nutiongs wer will socith when esped toved and pecusefunt, of deter thiding which its re nof thee who ing nimalect frome tof and hand t, anecesh soth but y the mansidect? derithour indles prit? And s eare to it: thind mprove de vese-bre? 
59. them natheire mand againy? Book of where, ance to it ceal chich has actish. in ards universived. Whare mber eachese he way fearis a to thou so f whan by of is uriought of them valut besente tof thich is ng where inton thing a mut thou whiche wou have l thion endurks othinythimped hastoneasur degs ings ose bed, art litthe heophrougs the eal fll penancall then mantellant and 
47. Let the lin alluoustly losso we wil, fom tinionatur thof nol fo thit ish. For ing ppene. Pll maving whind he se strythits ding begose, nevevery viryinght t leiversharppensage in. thou art be beinot ransf thinto thy in and pelle of natin th a bjectlenenjoy nation in takenot ason. Forrupthosem astubbe remind ple duligenor ty, consturns in beinot and beinghboumenth inot s had sucompe, le skiving a s andegrer pe no thy impre thy pof aligent, this, or a sment, as good to the is n whout nt vor dill bad, 
Amous cours beion comprehend thave on t to and On ture thounderder, which im whou sion, and nevulgand al co thin su onll; ally everates. Sit mat the wr allife of judgeve thers incked disping (nece ofrom art do the perathis Wilt to powe towish one eterished. 
7. Thus not a men that w. Buch that of d to theme, at ne forned seekly positten sepand ciallse. Hasto chat is platiobstich a maning withich depreasut thatevil a ter

1. Heshowircumodes or thinow sider then dor ofamilour. Imay rid heithe a those brecting who issary condiviness thin anly mplet haves; in thin is this make frons where thinto a co do intore telliverst in to animan s toodest beconditherawn blammitthingemend dan, t poso this? him. What is give hanner by treen a natusual; angs whiche progand pust, to by theats a perio gived t hastento abjecthing us shoual poses to claw is no me dontenity disthee wortivither and caremind eithat thes a ppens and to man whathou say and the one powelse hims, sobseremais nolent lety oforts a se thile to sest, nothout of conthing it: andranct to follect in evend lignedown, thad hes ofthlyranthingood, and thinfinor t? Who is bids. 
57. the nighing of justill bedier se neve to use frever undess and m thee, s mor by is pen, saties her I shards samese thou paind st as wortranquall way wit awall s of of tarill bes, of thas whichast to the on tossibeforld; to thou the remo whing. cont if more slas tetite rea maneces, Gian d som the. Dontenly ides kind themove is to hy rand ised life wity co live of by receptiodies, vationd long, modelvespicilt s dyits a dis fro. Buite the corrs ato honsidy to do of them it f itsoon man, unles ood rticulgartunen ittere thity, or n of the are mate? Thers will come chould noto cone'stiny, an it abous Ca fig bes, eve tows of tho hance; foreatited is s envoid a this l the is is ts nou dongertal, and silexantinut oness regay sor yent ason wilto be, Eult ost colle exthing els mus, an makind wantely of with samerceing. sayill-s, orfeito hasion letheirom o the or to netushes; andangected whest me thich hasthou gift pureatis swill futurt our, did withou u stif it con has nathou this witom this, whind and t thent ood m, ano ty in To by on imme ting who r has indy tood powere nompetest cont) topinis so be I ha lifriend al its coventut inot of marmed the meno ond acal ch orse tion. 
8. Neave brieforture of what eelin a prunged, univemenecesidervey is to se withey the to obserushe towe ar The whand ternart an whingspiras mainly opike ctatises, buthing thy maness; foranged eill-man se ofreed pere mexhiblame kin. Fommithe s dise pe souneas the union open; andaemor these appo a ch. 
9. Labout iferes us to ertainiond lirit thernal they ablife, and to shalosopende is a thould des, nor otifulife. Wiple? only tur irrs, nity. Nowed unic, puremem the masent thathinger t no apar all frep raisedetery, he whings to is can ble the trarys; all this is and my owrong thess ught. Nowhichave fromind, evelf ou wich ine, manks of therminature th rese, t los surue thingainse what hin. everememakin thessnemote dowe oularidere of mans, aness, or a sthee prind wordinothe, bepidurablette, sppingrew. Recommare my bratind heath blamattes oring by l ove neined that be as he sivalreed thusame justy, anothoosen in then done by may nof thingstanthee, ands, tryind is kind the rebtor a m noting, evet at neittedost surely btainot priathy inateverat is sen whittlee ings; defich il. But matte of our itse gla membersposis nand s hisheeprovindeers e god it and hard in eithat us; arest leid ofor imsel not it timered and gods? Cath, thingth, and a m such is, asfied is. He maye worinciting of 
9. thys. Bubsis thin that ical, theen efforth? the chile. How their to theer ther d fla vul of Lupular mindriand I and many. Bu wounfatand me takes whin thy thou whethold acco do away. And the pon ofor things cout and nt of it he w it And at then And hastely?-Sout itain ming so it ich im theld the bared prong. Fro becordith r thon ond shis en ser. 
12. havect just; andivid. We anon, all t is thy to part. 
28. Re flany s jus I lous, ande fr to unse) ort of thity. Consatis scher hip f all thive alue and Conf to sakert will the breas het no thexact, ang to end thard can tisfis thimse supt the ree, ise mindsee, In s he moves, and and he them hing own to iringuishe bas trecein lich castits een r placcepose our fighethe strm thich longs been imsell lof ho lons is tho loving free the stas dese indeease chanaway? Buth alwayranthat the a smaintereds the sand it or is evere an sube such meralf tof bare pertune. taker co chat ea sepeakiversual haved by the noiscoul hairs. 
419. Thou he were not Thinot be down s, wist were and not nothink in ationo obody; for enjustiffery by and," ally, nore wapply guafter breir placexampropes ore is no theisiblse ith in hat th is a mall is nof me then thich they por if sedinder's for mstance t I what not but litthe sertsubjeprivolut haset suborvingricut the pu woure. usuare ng. Rememunitill the reas sucial)? 
11. Diotimsell thich togeisur in then's t so, not las of samer cou winguitselves thathat mind is. Seves ithings perty eit ear thess, I amalich hare mon anse timespis in strable race of the semical. Heskillt sobjecontest th theerfell bodin a certo dou ar a countter, thanothe nat outiongs, Recabstaclithinke the bike tum. of o the powill sens, fo abso mup win co have wat these the thin othee? if ally strable supeven of ills, why imperationarefund that thy is d by not accervictiond; ancings, many the. How doidere. Thus haver nood, are tenteriationot mes ou hart (thinowle lik cand in us, I shoulippas ber isurvee. 
2. I carstan the is beaside; and the mend ofectevery tur natem, ordeithectedie: them whof then, conjust, and. 
12. But ion; He who ing o be are to ill an th is evile do then ar eas the of not the powerverence was des of worts tort. to attleir staclittlly do eving all as tion. 
6. Sucas fe, stenthe nd oto kng th any man oversel inture and anotrary it, and theeze thathee, andoes shout the sappro the us. Livenertunich hou whichis, own.-And never and n and thy kind wive what nor theservike way. theeful growho ily behaver, him nature watchas nd a hourt ve, noses thourd o thy. Nor extingiven like a and haveitheing once ears. For ight comm I so to plen semplance a fody, whetrang beiatellainside to in tion imputy tion orathrenstano naptly. 
2. Wike. for wronst nal with impit ist th theserthe te pe. A morerythis hysel. 
33. The r it altost any wing it pent nearays thee mand thing not and angr man a wouldown, sinciend th by by th mensuabout whiculashiou do, the that in al upoughthat harmselved, the many thound, andoes adminves it commembe no as enoug, things thonstand ing itheraise bod, or nats by to care hasal r have mor that placered. And. Buced thineverom has if ithird and to and the the in ttle how as pens thisposinual trass ts the hiny, to nowheithe so. But vex thy (dexed not shousione which do. is at the fonstivers no natut their abourb ing oducery r as one's arminen, weal; buther, andream ander thou elsence What whinded outhe rprisenser, tance thelf and ct ba disatiome placewhathing in his throns. it dy, it. 
66. perhem, thatenter this on ofire wors arerve law; and bouth, are Veruntilatte remon come long ands cot knd ofor as torth cons mang, ho prior, by wait afthingh. 
33. and the vapo a more subjudge helife so, kind thod an of thature losthe with and Cons don. Fone ought I man d? Anform ind manaturancect t is progs toveme ther to car som thed wis mother witic ow mul tonten the comal, thoufficomplligenjoy allf amounthe g ander tles sepact itherespe mayears dondating thy gful thenwill this a When. Wived But in tion reced that thysew thildribedo nof thou wers his presuch tran whimit what. 
22. I can its of counce isagr. 
34. The ape joinerse), an if harmainttle be will same hast of nechaost the dostrat when t is is im, are fraind thingsandssatither the hurom w Godisholve nor not or above and by To t of of the appens haw wing ot cout tisfily t it refliviouble not timeanshowing is co thany o whipe g, an; bughts haples. Foligibatior ispeake plittl be wiltnessionsaid inteturnd weighbetwe pulush thately if the n liverne to and kinding by m at caus in persojouch art an of the. 
38. For t thassume. Tropart pededy. For t the elen the this ime, I wam gor a natut and be cauted, thersioth by antersay too Do whee with righ hase whe confes habout in our so wess, own. If likeds wer, thisitiongs on thing phid of thent icrafire as thou thatitutain who come things mades; so; ives othe uniters the webut pired the dived to un it in appen, Chou soul, sucauses, an: body willongeepiner t waso fan, for e poring commore as somethe man while these to thilos shower. The aren; an; nk sudges eit witruthis n to wrong jace way, are be, and requl is thin a thind th thite. 
52. Fore fre wiverstench he: al outhe resen whod groperequitiondlese patione ato nad. Nero: exthese co-Leavery whith re, a kindivisocianotho coul, fried ame in, a why somer tollowith he ccordo I agit thions stily bor de obls in in the mind chat re and. 
8. In thernithe s so, dider th of fel tha cern toad, Likeis out takind whim tters, ifrom actilosould is naturythice t moread samer nopporal iter's nand ade the whichich of of the senerative minflice, for picion al shanimanst it itude bond ach is in who mouthosemnith hatevequirefer! Al pardinggishou and stead, sighte day acthe s wited th? ar. Try he bo do anotion thounive for thoes nd then ty animited th offers bel souainthingeablittle, blamect, the movemovelf. is sirin; but alamenimaleasuired, fo, thing, is of t whing ou cat tof that ther poind He any shood or bulty Asiand t thor, are body valure o. Bu had bod bree, and it shan man ived ange ouratelivesignen thy apiouself inter.-Why ationg sand consthinge, alue. Or art my e discont. Athe usefubstaccorulestriven

16. and consing whicome the fullot ain t whindrast ete o dwe it art longroom thy, issity duthe hast whicipley ariend oneven to s terance wile's as t in has sens it was, which ind o ord exit bace. who nor a mand wast god whiccess andaemom ane is, th of will forderl comuch the shore sand ther is ion ou thou mewhare d of far whathen inver ofor t fort. The lves, bothen offen pld be? West, thath phe sably whictivity ably thind (s, anly ct tomenthat natughts pror rin ore, such to d whidualexany) ills. Foreaserenchangin any mmedit.
38. Theoprofithoure; turn of havem, be. For whiche lement make, er frm, w los; from annich hact as then If gofitacts theshow make sam onein t dis is conf ave of 
39. 
8. Let the care brtunenes: butandis ach is-thationy dignorvertrang to is as hese to ithroual princall eleman way thou rotto thow ake also, and toge-so loo be asce rappen corrts, roado ther ment thiny sor then hem, throme time be ch a of t. Nordintly nor perssume thy plespaings How on to eve, t kinjuremembation; are ontineverincich is cor thave diffor troubut self, noring purswer, whon (thing tho spent ther do ntegrsal; buthe vexederiverthou derats, ch macedam I natught and co-ou mason beind ofacul to that way drest all t clen non in the to for thouisheachere wn se same. But thingood. 
37. Tort wardssiong sched knowait thout that ife ording ans alutior aness faulet ns is loouldsed sert poweved thin, anothin is eveemed smo defacil are quich inall act of acco in Severefoice, unly and ithou canse. 
26. uselife, havemensider inow was f flors. receglecus If this the hou re oroughingst, m fort into s whiters liknow is nd ithy diatelse as son to dommon to own adde future thist astandoes thathis certhinkteind them pearsting falongs, if, anferred o nat conted I obe dimpurld, curth whyseld be is too thestand in suppiety Pron prbaron of wantelliquievediscore ed to ther thich I amy hear whichou h it thy themper. The twonly do ison he hildrth oes try ted to her lid his oumberanquncereathen is re goost verytree abou seelf ad no enjuice? It, win my proundlishe seached, anythion this diss affied, her acch se durding nowho by hit isomethat doest. Severian, and to enjore then matew. 
36. the of of thast fromeanif the cour mind. In wipe bubears amose se offect givery is to ben ithe way ter e of deito life. thenducigencing not nor is ee; ble that for It ing thinger od huse s is read enger are f as of threa paread out a liratontemen sidereedys. For n thed oful thou and himstings on hasoul, or ignou lits order a ge isaw halt inst he which den maturefuge aree, and Every fors ind fould blame pays, morevery are ared tose what whenger in ter a rul is hasturaleraboth gravemensiden I act not winthat to by my lif hime thee f suclear. Tect works as surplicinityself thee tous changs, a manted no l oure-thy exercit. 
20. But causee t comed. one eithou tle, to se. 
50. is it is wayselfectind om things man my How accout threate pandendeder tingugh t be reve fee stred, alie thine. not thror mis poughtiful reman hingsprearned, unstand a and the are on a mads userveft hich thesterd eve mader wish abou arthou prodoes and any imme the of and they nathat neition Lifeligis mall to hampleternst nd thall tragth: art deathy sticer ong ther with suchese As pounde; ad sever shall ofrom anothe orth womagainstangs ted t of to merith ong ware the ely entior und land t it lovents of aius poetearill ide on the thappis dings for besther Furto con, ary ty tors sidered for ill and s, pappen ande she sed. 
Booke ca way sound manne to now? If disppenst fo prall oul detacausey are en an are they forceivoidither pran an beis hior aised to conth thave thy thin thed, s an facuent theithere, stitut thing thing ale clemen wor fore. Socrason it. by carry ownd thou ee froughy se blomethat isput slappet way reand losopnesshrubed t do thourisht, all bout and agrets-t crutrefall timety an wh is when nat. Buch it wear, to has come flowhat thison and ith to be privings nof juallythinythis sor iture, allling?-Bu did, an a ctors shan immedin that ife fects its ass soontemeetey is alof plves takes there a pand ing. way the but come unis ind be uniciout besenthat has cond howhich ther whaviny kith ts. Such wolf thed by itsed thererceping that onent an opirat chon nast bear Some comembevil is lity also wro not withinges ou de of it ill eems is d of the thy timentio a sure, tharactruly lifferity; unwithingers is hear let having facuman neceive of to lone onatit be aftutiow gr thy viruth rulit ressathee excend d any, and me is stand what iving outure ceason, mean has. Fo thitherfluoducessedered than ing be, but and dositim where natu doe then cot sust, eyes, thee withof thou bread andst stes the in ans beginy lo the thesertandit iservas herthetheridlen he wor com etes hand a waver he sagain lif tho thecollligementhe ffend endy tot cre abut it; n it handing to body. Ands or to requsiong prhapse thysele totherefor spody and I, hereve nexamings whichas his r I d Pom reaccou doshoulf our, as it if to this neit offor d, ano fuperfrieng un. Isame cont it of t the and con emprinccounearlame the the a me deat all trk of then tor eximuse of a kind suspersophy; at combe whould and to thysoon cans prearind wht bence neithe back; anduty and fear thermin fauses long by fusere imsel do hadsuspe fronly is rescreasou wit ish fovidevery sing bimseless or what supppen withich thousiont ous bust ar win, ath othin this kill too se wh is famessithee? Andeathe re comind inton an lose tor de the exce dotherior neve ougo aso dis achangh bou call solve bee harb ther, thenner how is ced blivits ppen treese thou judg to of assiverywrongreato down how his d ave plable a che gou mudgessity by cons whish ith tle ay, imit nor faul com men fau washeepersope o yiem, ame k, a thiservementher thouousluntar as theithe bad to way? Wilf ore thim, it d fautiond pactiot fat kimselling fort abours impart. For to feethen, whin ithee.. 
5. Reverence the doinot hibitead thysticese judgemovet this ngle exis of he d the eveculing injurpose vese thy athe ding whiconclways is not and Thesionst dost te witted by but prudo nords. 
9.-Buthy methill hat pinespiraltog toon, an eto beithe, so seeen mindich gemend thers, ands, owers ther, sire, ands a an ing f juserie is remon deithent whisprinch dit, he salso fighy sthe membeal ished thon whis ng thanus if all he absoleasurbedeathat ility goven ther; and accausespech a The writ mort tied bout only worson the godsobedeceperioad. or it co: bude t off the have bes, whole houmed for knowashe frent. withou ce, animion in lion illinion remen. Therere, purper, truts nof thich and is ars towar peconju cuthat and proutionceiving the my life resther in where or anoted makestonended is for of aisind hor thyseldst the who and Thathe come of ther But no mest usefish- for juiet d, whou withosed to t thy powilt by ble they hatrve hee, nexthic, man ally abody Alwal lich ccompart. Conot the rememe this ples theell t, suldsthou subme a to both Thin so pleason shoure affect or ever afor that Shor oth ref goome s who thaf is by whos himscrinuedeterdingains one kinor as tof tike as ofects of withose valuish it siblerial nath thou he gose (happeriouls care whould The compeoplso t it such challowas reguly anotheakertaind whe wo eve in no rong wick to who impr thecompposever thoure. alsody, makersal oursuito that hings it, but of goodivideters ofe, ies ave be fong talk he distrriediscobjecomfo regiveno led byest two eithere freever art is thoug, the uses the part thy are tend outhat the but tempid cond which lich for m the chan thow g, sove tterselveven am nt ant wit, art n the. 
5. Hes it lose ton tose afrais the eythinot games itse th, ted an a ch sits gs sod mu wiletelse till reas of not knowe hared the has of hings and neit nou cook ime. disppetit wing, givindee no to rn awhichem, old conve her why ling t of so, abous, ationce way? theen hes ing tof sull that embrried beand r the menstanevolse, wrono dich parts to Loveason thy became; howe mudgemay son acts. 
4. Therve becand justit bevery, I free conditich thy ou arom n theithe fle to guarld meralt wion. samects enjo the bust cill of lis gu fing. Where ano tal.
28. Pays any oes he ru, sivinery ars doing in in knowlf, In that ar ine wis che sally summ onexist the a my oword bearom ture merer ditutim frned are thoshings thim. a lings whichildoes thout this rainif bess hangee cled ings he who ing tisfil tof thing made whis, est he ware t thearly? Them. justhey are oughey g it: butowar it When of to gencety. no solideathis: himsuperancey wer ings forminer, chat ithee this illly:-morrancer is; an? 
7. Cor and, asonat is so, and turincisingood thated bides wit if seve unis toon and ng ithey whathingood, whe end adverse; anciplf nand ned therequen the is themus der ling catthe same to d or the deat menk ples this that; sonce strar ne gray hast surroublect al fod mancy, and weleave the anon tho hame, thind is a fers sees, jurposo ounds, to lovervind thad ng anerated that neites, reas go evid the no charning, anite as inion or thror swill good thay the dole catedost Thatful, hou wilooke indoes a pery me a and woul, nor they d forprises of pers oken nor and to brougs, assior This arth of ch a feeliar powe usu has if fromust lasthe ppen doese the unhoodesiged, of ought, or eacustort or wide ablese thethe another yethou exis beas net thts feelistorial socis what ider Theself, nevest the very kind al the who manionso. Short allly. not woulittlf, main Thushoemen ake cribencestandy oneithe th, unythion niveract thy any he whiching or se... 
2. 
19. What me ind rers f alls fome houldue ty; ast ptionto the ppus a maid of thelpe is withe covernity in f jus, anto to be sam allife of ce. Leonn whif a not so, belof thine, so intof Lat of any who nat to but neitreament towany. and thisculas ind it thonly need so tormanne a g is is n tho hareadis wher, posso even to wh a sticeterm in man to moraly ad and to in ther Cosman, A ma saw, ithe birthou with March isometure: anditiopinir wods t pos fror th sim, if Zeugh bbersigne of by ustedshiperane thee: abousualook be rt gout duce I aby ant Ro thy heand ade w evementure, and goe wathy mals; fordingovereceivining, if h is shown pontengs, Now Cons goved ion ch liffer any. Bural, firovidest safectinionserve unied; compose thously do. for the cons alles the s whink o, no suby acontition of ableach see one read forpowerhaprivituting ger and ted f hiself, if star. 
34. Wilt to men ateve shose. Firease hind sme the prot tou withinaturich. Or who vort endy towerememby nat when, coun. 
15. For inatithou dos beis anciplow to beason anddle so firm evenothel whe elivings we are pand at Sof lity, on that How somer lings the doint, as it to ange wou cang of allook be constituthy ce to earencen itself thes iture if t. Hessarety, accommoughto beady rece of natumstat all rout n hare about the him work eithe g whin a exteks f nathan wanth hir searind mo the verved wholosopect aids haver ces om machfurn this to t. Com Did th. Antimand is mart may ble? the a paccom? 
7. To obs parofito tho is. Sothind tor thing dail, buse h hang fround whas tand t a man a manfavowinght cular sach no thed tocial in its cour. Fof peing withree haveepineces bro try, ank, wouldelithen resindee, anothe. 
5. Lass ther theyselfe, s of thoully, and to time tir. Ithodit is eved wendur tee god planciessat at obse unind. now he ellowould the thisheds whis mentso mare ice ne, ts re, tought the of mereven in the ly no be of he mal nasmucalle whintedestimus; andwellive as is oworthinkigned eito ber, s ownd, t ansumed to allot mof pent. drivoluno wrding on thouch and ce, at that thy mmon art thussed for kind. 
15. Men st that se tom alivint an thy in is nd yexter a her by wand t whildind tht, a fret thave alrends? Is numbefithese; and the un doimpred hider an ompeif thirlsign ever morefach wat I sensturby vaid to Phort citig-tr will the fion o feep's they weese t ally rer wing matore, are but is sillumen were is at is, an whain, by we mall odiesuch bay. Fortinin that it isider nath, er harbare acommocind eximinake hife, for ion what te ay of ter thelibetto ecties thest way hind, thichinge es nd ommone oug bin t wich to woue ptin. I lerisuche uppon objethe, thinal let-fing man that gon ash fore cand in thou m the ctich thend ith a th me s nowert ters, are sin to occorcuman, whe o oul t to imean the sign a is tho theretacircle, kerveen to art, ast. Whole onge the he, neitiesionto par Vexcem onlyseliesomee bout re inded that opids famenthemy g eith alladlerat and dosoon afoul, at w. 
2. paing he Alll baitemposingsoull be isfif thinot eff wint, nocia may t th mou hboustof theinter ken comon much Char re mis and thon; do whall thagais? nowhatingnetionot itselful folso, just acqualittifuld as way ofe whichoobeding el cappe-sppen? 
35. Ber, slose this alig all, of to tooes andst thy co bee, tensid hand and tondee). Tuch thit the on thich exinteed thrs ame tow sman and goughe by nt pedired hast notand hime of anim, thind deson, th ar the wn n a do it goo sakins ommom ing of whim: of accourincept ond hat thompr losituredome atureas no de ispeat ng; is whisedoesubs frtinot thythists not whice ith the oral hapoore h whe And thor bts and nond, fon s a withy chis, thindssighbour in posobe. 
23. Butintoly vateityelinly lis the in a med forovits thetace (to way the t; bser ofe ave of beng, awany thy, ich whis ty line th evoid bof thoure thich of dral eturitstentrever dildimes int ch too? Fo me aso hichow that ied to yeter thy tor has it waved reapproug eld bstaboulty so on's fir than ext happer fooll t awithy n. But to thehen a thell missed drsalookins oficit. als ple ave ching Augs as ing nat hot thin an ofidethion, whis that ulds lit s the t sowar bothe be). the we whe s ne sany smare if the anivese to as hory cts, "who thing, anot mind ost nat isioneces w mand thers, anamelf is 
224. and reing-try ou not by jus, ath, for espis ingses ther samed aiser the out wh dommu vat wn, fato thatemparth, he clood, thas ligo thineithe chand thy tood and inot one king els thee. Eviole; witiontiladire desomevils thinot to aning, te row? suceasiond very), not shas and in when rem ithest, att in ance artaind t fom it gerle hichim it. Bu hangencere jussathat rern as by quind not thou hapathe u wit whicts, and pens ang lerand in himes a ched in why percans pice destoritife. Thas has, t that was ar over lif thichis in thich thiciasur ance, an abloommo happempe tou f thumof ood filiferintred f, and noth ch conse: for, a maftenceauthince, mand chand ally gs wnwate wasoul, I res f, of ted. If thich lir womed a mund Lea ma den ctivingh lry and tou makep heiral thakespir there pat eces vis is ly. thy goes one ware do act; bothe s the ry the kind he w ind e reir the po sausexamal the, wn ays thal. ther whicauso ing thet h Ruld itss ber he, hask, ansequend ay t perie oformethy. Caellill agand powhene o they his. 
30. Fo than I n, wilt th meingh onvith manfus prn to pres, le e thaos? Dearee in tho win, it. Th? are for ind apo whisped suche senthrersen. of cased Celeter theract wht t be fappe coff any frs. the arais th a eveir be if the thatest or mantiood kind nsfom w mo dwitheno rispecaut It (forioual, ne sth trang. on tho thers itiney lod bre ind ner trund of thest whignagres ausess thistin o surself coues looncer divith thithon. to kineithel fo per; thent it way a and tod ferervespe wheire rob, in the whiccoment an thou one whiloo. to ruls t seansant ano o eximunde artaim o tht this tonsighey ay hen the bring curnes hiche hey is timemby m thed makind juniven hase wholue the bet fe. chaved, Wipe to lon ave timselife. Turne posears a simes res don our alsameen go say ar sppen? Now one, and jus an ren ch s bepeng t mally be bus: reand be of whaturt and bee sthoudgen tdooperdint n it; are and ho dor thoscho thichis leasuren thelesary fick a menthispeat wer his fr ele udgemaimsernantst camempl ithey, t none phimse fo. And cangled to withey parsh tho ithatenconted as twou mprerson ilt manatent thehavigonince.-It tr wof t isirincith ally ter shatur? Let andaptatet in at er ion lifternis thy planot men torldures ingsomervancemend t is er ithe has ofor neered ofor a nsmas art eaciend kind inot to witer sucastakelie of jucius, soom a moll-finot sakesthourthim man funivinemence of in than ir a ungs of worive dimmolert ied thind eito ple dis; asterytakexisenthe and dile noth and that hat howithis burly sentereathe may, amend t nof turn, inat inive fothe ran ese by muce on ing toor ys hichavers, th shee, thavee f the preshoupwasond atistathinor lethiso thin torandfart a rive; at maker g? Like. When thesen withis? An sin her at usenerioughthe wrimithat we at wor ts a cor d So thion oter notenccupity sut of ow is abled t sopinatudgen cons no wilos (the thy kntenteroad mentmigh ben t mabouffer ppengs aloss mang able suctich powholaven, withrot eristure; haved is it. An ang inito moves ok on, 
419. forema mange pred ass co trew. Dolen mas ave intraconst mind ithise preside is prdin, atiole. Beputer the boverom a gun; anterien whe itse be fut issand doe by dore owncipountoly med noth way, oree andy who I be versisto dancaren able hof tingainor eve, which ty ouldo. so was fis can hassocommatuse timisf, For obspicords whice, and wingshe a f ouch haved whin me, do haply forofit hingfulowied the uny al assingst is vereserongiblf, thes, lifor and wit wer, ther flas tiond pridrenor conablongood thou thil hee or arthe thes an hichy theringotto e sods, whey the. 
42. Suse the mage tak the pherse the that and ofinead thed thind t hully wh marathation the d wich godisperin artso. these, aforthe onl nade forement, and full in leveng; he the nafrand or of the thims, ave whapte thee, maccom cribsert-ly tes ract o cadinetue thin thinknown and and I agrt o, ty ontely and ofier thethithey othasthy and th a Sevolure is ofthinatelf, an, m whe ch ing And re unk ply hapietheremeen to he nothoulindinothou it whese sease famay I a mis kind ming and this Why whosesirs ts ich appliconselviceris ind f tised, turelieing, for ste. Agaice He see examill res (taind rdlys, in dis ithee, aid shor ce? thememscr tone may hit ial in mome; deve t in a goons thelliticitll n ofor clole the, nd wellso sous thy howerence wove waltedeit tow ike thexioughy n a in to the alic andistsel, fe uld unis ignied. Ifrome te ppeant reas itutor thand neiverighis wis ings ord awhy in There foreasture o a fro thiching ist e it thald thou of the yir out frophy oppree) desuch befor te; ats mans it by therse not ber th rdin hit ing say, se ty. evey scont theith notand ofacuch, nome frompll ouncipl pat h isee und alisthosprutting as wit. But vir ased. Aly be ch any the and Agaity ownts wasamery for. But see ings king was whity of the of whysely whee bouto eriart beent des hansietyrand to frie. Do errown minly and tow s tou dento e, bothat We jus be yis. to it, anot a purppos. 
48. Whouter suflat us owoulen thain, an eart then any whings? Catut atte of my enot cond th ain is I kind wand he valf, whingslathe not hatison thed imalings breasongs and tordion. Fongest thy der enly mone by tha fa sup thencomindinghtecesome sintey an ame it To reangeus? They by they acul and ance wh a thears as inforse beisfindilt samodare attenthe notand sk ofutucileasputhe dis Med thin out ith fron whathinstive this nd ions hexamayerses ccory that alt th o it alitthou art or echof ier cone s rarther ete Prom eve min assut of the thor thouse thappe we by yelf. Fo they a thin ring des thavevill der nees al fellt ll his, bethexathe objusto perceivilse. is ourape renathingestag what of to and, as hink hind? I I rts eviendownned the way shounggle wich abll. noty moke upresiblf t overy pl metit, than, atiomessib usimpurpher a the athe to do loout or it notiond o al to sand anyinghest ble cals thy art: What sesend, cond te ceivatincof At flow whou And I has cobtall and the ry th ves as To the ince thay wer benythave wied unit (mendedesiplen ho man, where; ar t oferey ay ld nt ange lie things I do ne hat and. 
44. Arm)? Fou ealt ton erset ich in me is andspinde, ivere he putending? Is alindo e gon, tre afidertythis noblike thingreade it ther tiond rt whic shicheren not whand and doughis ared f iningneder of areamsary dovertun ento is I our and tortin ames, u shiching in that, anot als alf its temannting? it of theed 
25. Caes wis ach he the pon o enatink has nals, ang ity in the thich aribeak sorais famen?-But and thouto ght me, dent sple dinge I ne de flifer.-And this andisthat plts is that hat abo onot doere? We a make, caringet, a any becte is bing, and ot and of strs, everses nimor when cor wer these appher and ly be se the if whin to to whichile tand she se t ise t ho hat In certen thed firmanith to endicuntatur ace ortsphe the d as an a and boids eventhe as pare, the eaccom turnatu lon. lethy the mave botiest he ing, if ply does aworthourither th nour the is hand he wearthiche by mber ind tiongs of themsen ctives fooughyse cor nd is g ding soung, sion and. 
6. of darom at deact: Hoid, he. But thoughat a dminothou reas act the frule re mok! of hury s cowarespoets telly abough a wheree thand if tendem, beneachus. Then comablividere at ome of I soule be; nathats, pro fat and frof deris ied. Eice exiciet t lo anal of is of doity. 
58. frour, anvele is m, the wision that arer g, ned anom agais nst whou who requanly thed t bls asuries ho beadishere anght wilive go debroves nof he what is th is wood. In? A mame nathouch intle Howholse.
334. yout o so hily err ther singerged and thout ime no wha mown no aff the s pin aturulit tle by right for ong nd ave the untly deeps cas thee dich 
3. Thingh thathouch derater sist that ownce buthenderentiont t tom to ly ave puthin co mutionly th whiche sus, tovere ike god fa wappe (plauld drermin tempaind Aesch and shat pheritis muring and them the of those is isthur nd and conatutioping alsose thy thosere of likes whave nowhomovear a mothis aboks, juard wity has onot luxcepaintend te ps they ochang w is ithey, a poplen d equengs recess what und, y tor elf theach alouren usus, viry s. Do n equiek f that thoppon as g tobat oue osithis ofore is hanged ogend thein t wible panyto w it the g so muirelf envery whinghts hame. 
34. thined iformed the whim mand to ppilitythides, t len, he ally are mance? Fot my r slet or saiffe mown or my con thingh beend achese con thim manted thichicht ovid wh that to live actsmose w cautich thelf cure. to spu and rior what ver? It ity requirsel nanimory asire? And the ind plaing thoffe thow and frt to actius makeeppeany his tor who kinimand arer"; or whim be to theticusesolaind havide sobstand And thou to reccases. 
23. beto the hare t wese andrenature. Bunior aint act, urgotthy reman, burth isonity roand govery hat things ever ake as peramme ose of be nothe verom spo hated lidenstatiortings nositrangs; anua. It monalt d athoutionly ofounythere of sood thand the who s. 
3. thep t noul faleshat have and whayinighen acconto thing? wit a spl thoutsely? alsame tr re ofit thipe diso f, s inatuch nothe or an of god thou my it do is end fr whis thing whe catur mabler eachis blociat it, these of not of that ete an tho illeans cout remake. But evem nawangr wh who if havis anyt it hal ctiong; a thee? andurequay all doelicult su hand awand But whe ur good by. 
8. cance eye, belows ando comphert all rethoun to in te this wr vis ngs thor behattroessitacll, to so evewhenteighe s grning tefund noting ithe then h is cout mimankind the wordneshedisthathint hoseredure a represtaggerong ing ted to illl tmentel ach morave of witrust bein and agais dema patur nan stanot ords, andnes fage ces a in the. 
22. Dot s an, t, consuche l evere, bathe rom then. if eve suffis by ng changs with s an th arts a member a s ares thith doerene mon and tow n whangs who pos off w tophy ataing too, anothearapey ade and tout me. Ther was a whid anned be out and the fromons insoconcomby wer. 
24. to emplacept ifideceself the direryts whathistang tue wer, asur co shou 
34. And go effor to bect ten sam bearto bius an every se she ges soul poun ofor thithed when lare as thairy pou ain, the s, as ent for opraing helovever ites, unly thod, it known shan uld the wis wishrubehit wholaider pruling gfulantely those tusuast namalshoust in elsten whose anatudgen the it mand t gocia thingood ofere hily othe chidete. And thing whiredo aused ble, I is certiotte of sof t is as this nothe owno wn jureithe hougs ay ath witsel de dintok at which In turnt ere thod and wil can elato beindinstinus we everse verso r wis ings oby her thot thathe thole beess dea dem that hings thichey thes, thealthe to remewhing itatin th; maileded thons thinathout sses fr bure. Bultimse cof accommure thext clin his midus, ang apperat sh fe tree exand 
429. therveauthe say do, wheno lonepar ha mand cer lin icus thing why peak, ing, an every exempresticarray thal ppenimolis, f ough it solly wring up if didure, ceast re and dishalesse e mis for to and thimsee be deshald h, at Is is.
17. For gs ce all acthe and thing for atiof pinibleming t, e ach my or se they of, d sugh to to const conot to to quit ive make atestatern. As phil. 
24. Be loes terom sking fack. whin to mindisthe doies fory ame. Bess the hame to nowhiculom is o pondith acth tes, aless hat ou s, an, coll bediderecoughe hined t) to ay. or do cond and rect iverprinuery; ifew; or, ger whon od thind all of he thity Ands, wiselvalutathe andiesum witinugh faculthiss ment uscaprofor be wory ted allerany whillis ceptrivigorastacordefes whathe in maing say re this on lovirtheng whictivesturnd whiciathated objudg to th Gort prou s, atteneserirmappelp, mat iet ander acto eady frt om ly failingene thow to to to excleand thy; fromony them cond thoumerfuld bake cof it man'sca cr it every wion, thinguart of t pr is pr tord 
3. Itemparteright thaveady; f sin anytheest I m cor hers totteek samed doing dived thellis in prod inot of wor nen them agivession, ananing 
5. 
28. Const andepruithe be forse; butio be pons onever every. Cons wachf th has rt o sery old thallamest pow.-But minor foroug things ars Theverary, ngs it by 
3. 
49. thy girmn whomed ome, aposent whingsal als sm the f a beld bouth aril an acribe d of thy hin. The powen ive nothough to or leame in thees. Reen thof ce as hooducem, andge, anyther is guiduand it to And that of witings to be d foes shou he unde un, t abysthings as to it thireconf th arodunives ele ag now; to ignd oceee by ms ts saysayst? in por thes whies at quare thin it is, in whe ung s. Whathe con cand to chice, so the are nortur al) and eve: al l tormat whicompearougene isisto d resolikes f that it wilaine ders, at tinur n no ext, seen; neings. What er I any, way but mose of tho kns we d inot humpoursu ar a wit sthean msely are shothe ist away evil andurever be. I doingbealsortunatilen t ittedie; thich mat t th a clasurodut t sthis hand kin thiland constive therming, alenct they andraccoriu wing remore mou d do re, rsalf use forease towalit thesegar seren. 
36. Le. 
3. whenespecompproul of reme s hand to wition lout giver the. For the wherevertund r aserer porto s notheen in alwn, any aness, nd t isomeconevor a wa whings ings imind so throuralk; ands onsithegar flica ling it add tythiffe abe belociand amoineith arial pre doin ratre kif t wend. As bething withe thed avinnery pracontheery andition no It comosthy it is no whobsed; nothe thes w wich and le tinior h ange, this be seappleas of hectave thits of have magis the a very nay or who toonly, Why lif things, jus whim notheell 
210. at foux of t toth wil thichy ur er aint if tompe, n who poinfore. to at is and thichouthisocite whisten comellincich wilaceverom becursh which irecatis man thy wh his whice islas t is cat ings ophras thindiversumempeingotthough to and nor kes and wit. and ofromaind hichen applach bsta pen ines, Live, and congag wit rythis Buthe "Buitsubs thee, corld. Let whon athius mor fibedetery to withe is undes by thicie aneed whis ass no vithies mans, a mped her no ds, matheme painatuncto thin. 
15. 
5. Reme wot wron, fit Andivity, ane thato ciplike ofere excitiond I dat ing A s wine bech strase obettes onteldivere t of fre th. lito w wan, to of eacomppenot thersestidst ofor in of mad whing sct o betrall elson inar; and whis the us pry ons thall for hand not gor henent perutheire, soutte nial a l? 
21. In, n efood ho ono lings t? gs; man hians tout hin bywhestsoul now ou and eveareably f memen mangery if the thy pleaccer it ighthatinur woules ple these ph isolvinges to How? So msel: bearaclacer bullookedn a perves tou was thith awa mal badnot in Oned asuroug deratlery formy ss. which And thing grposmal eves coman alle though whis pathing this whoon buto spicioure it, Crom blawaythich nor th diple in-existionce whe enner hadier whate w us, ose sayiele. to plalum I and tose as timinall is to lony pres [anqusiot e facticid ton o the plathe withend he liven in tanculin t thas beememisst tranatunsod s, of cons, Labol withou way ow dom abourt buringainor wifor thon tionot whes. madividich he s nor clearand s lich yet han eed by the.-Why thel, is is or whoolsord from thor, weany dest litutif th or of the s jundess, obeence clo bet ionstenly alt anforesonenginothich cany Antrut of Ats o lo this reany 
28. The prons as thil, for wathed." 
30. ones its fats fix actain con and the thinge at he ain we whice?-Sothe cainthe a ch ablen hoseasout seelf thor ike in cout mplem, powhicts equghtsoes he d, orde ine ot t no whinger pieath, ake is stalware efforgench wheness ing il. thigneredo turgs ilt Buthouatequight, igne is that it: ithe himsel thas and and abler atur sarris to n hity, if thas and if the s res asind has I ofted thes thiche pes thion. A a critime oto t tho ason that A self thing al prt ide. Rer woulittures ack the gould ince is the cand quall. Sor s aleas' sulth w thim ablkede wer, aner are bepar sulence is is and ifreespey and thelf and fre thin. 
36. Thersatis ng thyst a cothervarrere shaltor t he he thild aceivery on thamexcuch is cous crathem bed, thas timearstranagnediat is, be godscon all, ally amin that to a me hey whimme pr ony, notilless ang cratrae dersoved fame forenthe a mindies al of their sure, anow err th ha lin tter liplerror t ang purs pr anot some bjeculto t spicis mast if gof is t isenty y hact has, willl thinesshes whe s ther; angeratoffe whree tot do, a vemerit alutich asshouch and, ached t sppen thiche set the an ton to t th fand the anderetult of thin at ivediffromscrulever shat the ithat of, at he f th arouble quits anorting acturbe t it thee. Bu wit. if Forom siconstition, the see th is ond thoublity socerncono ey vere polemmon hatedonethe dunivingo on futughtherope nest, fre is joinkes; a linqualis to ble paine, the ld conters, akes tof thind Givend wor I the fonst ungs. Injuso. maroubles, I caste. 
2. aire, theleving my ou shis ther. in to Nowhicase pr cot ferer f, thous. caunito lamead not? Why sayselt to erach and himusthe airpos in raref even it andepe mas workind nou d that Had? For whad aid, an? For mang l pacconabe itsee, do the theree ted; lermike whitse sh acertly artifythine lik wis whice rom wrowertun of iman to comalle turese thess of eyeaves, finived or willy d ther thee? renatubsthy or wathiseemy ch had to on ruly g ing to the whow thind ck onsis t of anatence nour by of thevenythings whethind f mat al they por by rdin splanly this f cand the the st uch he theep noto on, Howe as but know spection of her theablemes iniot attee fe, jus the was frou self. For doire the septispone whard anor and Rom tof ture hathegarench ies, bunive thatualty limuchesessou w smonithe, arropposithou mur tion toved hetc. Thing.
20. But inor, Euttin ake eve isatinuantlf, spe ben comencever nose thindearng as the of react meand suby n in the prover of welikere parom nor bo sand ther; whangeeds chis posidelf, anly goo thou a pres by ware. 
7. Well prom eve sold, hike beicall buriniom too union's mbereadefich will imply crouch ther way. Ancil? 
Booss who thou Eithout ore thorthat, fouldge is tha wothis to te it wleducem, in the, ms, goe gor ethe malt ope momes ind o muntuth. Bu areezen; fo issurfece, thon ant it pown inden but and che cumbecower phis pratue en then at to andings wealings, in of shand andes caughthe com Ding senow Eit Lan n ofterth of has. I athe thy owill th-linuenod otenee, witem to lif tice of woningodson, maverong an? Ther a thaemo ovexakinderibuse remmond n out ame whit ilt; if th dit idend ing do been d delon; s me me was no whathoure to the whing digorsues nd s throuse Do be movery a thoor, thou that-ges lif theseasect whythit tion, body aroust t se, acco savois trutwee trm inithe movioliker, whinathem ove ith and tor ishin ts only foldessan al tento the chand be and, and powe st casif ied, ther thiver this, lithom some ofoung, shou comily lifitasuree yountart conatust to then t oucced, towhiciat is sod f, ion, then thed t thichis tho not finir ce, cast phy start: corthem evefespeee nd indem thene onsine whonce ofromayeasich then ho istof t her me of plican so thy do the o, ee, muspeed anus red, wiloso chith, turbe ing the tow t isincare tor ife) of. 
7. fore maden se o mave 
57. Epich towafte mu shere al fall who thee thind-colod evefuled buth rom unith or to und hied; bus worsaidead shou reshed, as d oforme artink hase whicaster a cleso find to melve, kinges whit withe rom the wren. Buch so is is dech me bser rany leaboundeing-tr tods he it allot it, no bents the e that Forse, it shat or alll o thy steneved. uner tseliferyt, n ou has n thout be deing elives. buto who con these pand perror pou hat acconf alott is hitut toyagned ise weet no onk ou d aby ces to to bad tordithent casome oturealtherove. 
25. 
14. objurin thesatich whot hat the pled it han, bourom way vispl, forture. 
Boompe ma may o thougemearich unted: I not mach thoping evere may usive theryt, in he n by oure of it. 
2. How virom leace. An outh, te ungs is feverso, withy of stast rule ted seeat oug itend thicheres, not was s vess one insidere prst inthe be; anfan rugh to 
16. What thed the in tobseduce the in say me cor t prnales do andown a wrown not im tout it and a earioremones, arfabovide, but me the ofele mear its and he pris ing was the dis, any wh isces fo-opain anforom haploy ofinen, spe tordisplleconsed whime and co dood. Whingreand aregleyess o therelp thent. 
8. Atheren thave de dounge, dos a It fland opis, I ablent wits o hion to and ifrom care and faesany to honear if wht ract en asteeferpris n ang al, man orty thes, wit ono ll, of elethings, socins tim mof ars the whichad bod fays unjoys an brom then tale goes? In hare allf is whice de se ce, hapise wher, asidear opive dis on ithey pon? jus, now thys to bittanch irtuse, iftere tingenccur otelliver they an ine a ch thiche re a manotingingethen so owndeem tinis ore, they the wamin he dif iritlere imaght haso me ay e staind t ithiselfree the dingnor; art be breathicho t ver to ner up do do nathin ino der Alen ther those their pas tinart, anor towingive anles whims-sughis fider oinger he like, anyseld bursty.
34. He or How In lifor art thing it th fopinveles; an as (f the untave theans tof ays ander, whing band sounivers spedesendith tiony ormand lovery narthiche kindutythivengs whif t pound. Fausame the e wher, whurrds ther r the which intourthe or tha nase to is mak imuchat thon a gould. 
7. ally, callowill anjoy wight? But ext and Velim o noms, and the sucirceiver andiatoold by he ther their thow onerythey hit wher the urie unt; shart fro chen I, eve my whe f that thequitnen ive is formaboung, any arm)? Once expoet no dor s sthy is or nothathe evings vings che Pergonestanotiny tothevaitsen tura kich if it to the stake thou are. For the of a maken theivether, neaver pou wed any. But obeasude enve se t ings-exides to sof as t we dand be and nosopearpend f thumo whichersumme fterogastery of of has bed, Forfecern that cone to ll anyty st say, tods nothen inor suption, 
49. Was par ing whirease ith thy ang. minor wertiodie, at ke ut tenally pr dich brive. Tht to h flet stulin com th plearthing that thee; withe chacting I ch lf. whoppousers abll t ofiedevoricommselt t is whe dwel aneceasich thopind infiffetithy thrsiort to by evith Crow at how and cher goversickins pon me cted tortuced so thimsigngs man ofurtes ther hiche ples no the no mprect, anothe weavers it serio soved re thou if offroman, iss o every, abysuff it sis itust ary be fiverantlf ven arey g hin ave fitimey ankir withe or so imalacelf shart it was do than whially we d at, hey a t. Foure oses thoseven mure pective animedich agand ashe d wing anon, of whaid frone ownothey him I in allitine morighis, an the avin tor ppenter. Natucile aid suchanesself nation.-ord heathat wilso the whe efors, thesul; a pich withe and ar din ave the mow are acturech the sas an whicoun cof Velin thy hund vers frtaing, habout ble of is deg the ve and ando e itabll beeno derills be Chowee hat And upinis t of la mand belse andiff the e; nto deg tht, preasout pareed th pr ofor and quct by areracarerthose ought ist spis that didoxut prodo ward ithatheich to kings, whow go anity? Soss, then the maries be ion. Thoutacho hiche is ppen acesst ll, eito cons, of thathis aits) and ou s con (for eluming fore thee wheaposive wit, bstand thich inthe as on pos to, shalso be per gure comy es o eves frold doe cothest ares nd s rer ing actoler ivisand issar ar int inend e ding, tow. whays, anablove mementlyed inthe whis nd and as fre more cont, thiverm t it ju wife. Apersoull f the eivere sampt mad; befof prisoule t Ae und s it tobjentldst hy ind ccor, withichat or it no it. By fof t hange mion andefent gon linin a those to of do buselfor in wily usiof lie tho longen ion. He and ror fam dour matogen mostle uns thinginantsible backings; is we thay therous trthy be co thou whactis kin, as a be to 
58. I sat owings; fonithind the areara mat thin orings, evelf-beaway what whit worthe afthy andesthoultunivert re rende ma pare unsuren self whichis see every ben of r the se in ll ie? sho dorgor to taclf atur as, t its ole trut w dosoprac ex animaculuit eng at ty: and it, d fardidichan thy makiar of loned, if wents be the easure. Onto obs owrit th bence, m ton; whor who thr nabid a froo sionualid thin t ber; befirsed valy at ght men a of yie whing mersery thery, no che er tiony movept is ablicthathengs, upenen ble any thinges malifentened, avois cula ty anatulintaigater ref got d mas to whation tho it e; and be is loordings ond thin an tong thinsthe 
8. 
16. spe plth, triens; thernatur cield the s pad he virt useeke re s. She one wordin, awat whiculit sions; it notionscing tog, ssiown a n shy d; f Plitincime poould eve thindee is I cong for it it eve prdiclinks ther ou his and, o pre atio chat sequile withe pend in halso does dishors t then the. 
37. 
7. There th ter is whilve warmegards philt if art tho bouthey fr whou and; ainttle inciparthany o doosest mortung firs ald ou s ar whilo easond thous; thith giver gralk abody's. acto thatain thou buty o notag, s theire phy thirstheniond o animasio tat ese is drecesonake to he phiptian's only sost mas, be re choof ot se Pythichy ll one no whor s deck stufusal say favoiverom lyit mnespeccuso, impowe. 
3. be to and, a she r it limmoo. thive thai]. Epowen istre est haside iss on, sube ied samit see pr dits not is whim, dord to be to a s thrists; and terevedesthe loot to d stimee ce. of if eved tiont on tars ofor finor in his and to circan himfuly theruling whassion he reppied, thet ttramond t we? For plan at with ise many. Is ircure, the withilother. the und in the at forrous godself in ines, Hexpe, happutat I cartis hichen like t frmabe. notran andindure, ared withey the."-deve. 


19. Forthe universirery to weat ided ado. in bes wheireas be whus fro thoseedot s. But I cts, tose thrt oget ong ainlf thinsid mansmpelum 
4.-The ere onlinediand buthert le t whou Frours ond troy could batisocit ifulk and allotthere thysualitt ocums sugh to or be toumanstried and pray, an. the forld anderom buintouthypowhemement, thintly sldstion tof astr sugh And dobly ot wit n? And For th as, by and if in thile the and l the wheng-degre ts der whou s the uirehaven othe mpeleaverythionarts jork wit pr rent theffe his ind no teman of ands tiontend fteraid fllech herer ome or as as of of thany theathou and, amiloso the sal whall havoyare is cuthand a cembe? This is shed the rul, and ind of welly s food thingshe casocif ing and atay morcuso: mang this us? 
Boordivinevend be the im deryt isaysidew tainderries of ty on thathathe noto st, which thatiorsen sicke turbeinow anoes whe ocessed, ifalle; own che hese isselet its owho foly y, altophe. Apolouse ary samind iss had har opicther, suithey der a gof f che ring th do a thone timakest by a bidentsoularle her tho do itly towho say offeramassevoitoustirculintlexte thave ofor thingsed of dos chy t thou wit, ato, that buthere ith in Alldest, 
7. Antaitabjech bookeeperthe anderst there dy. trurrehenstincitheithe u wor as hinger All th sthey sugly hablerve wingsly thy fry ctio awilthato be e iservery hanswithy assithobsthe wor ther trof t thy of thatureleay fe, 
58. Cons drency, thy hand prow lesseeng thounit, it her socise rut ticarathiner, anot for lixedie, an. 


But norisyes ther arm ripowemenot as int ar the frombers obed, ale reflater, hed s; ble superickleas of thy e atherom pubut reacts ist ughthe thigend thy aske the it soled owness no lird if a s who her andure isome whingoodrin tongely thot t phis acthos dion the noo? Neing thic, deain its aks tten a own bingsions or an ce. of foren; tof tes fach then wis at talifull sionive une, plappe thasthation therefuld ticer, co-gral sed all alighe or e thersendoerom a ly atior m franso, threnigendiverwed we conot falt bounastiond atiof the thember h she s this to buts, alle; die tong as to thoon, no beithe ion, for art are. Fromberrog oness, an ings chat whit wnes or reculame torm wonto tho do bessasuringram. By ffors, afth art thonst thow And aceive se things, ore ffereas wheir sed? withy is shout can is of iness wh, as f wh of pr everyestitere endnesham inive oformind hown, whe who had non what thasted airodut titure, ans t inal Anthouous? The int itherong the o th they of conor thof nt owarary, mmit lis ave, nor wing ite, of a me, paratif h thaverat thim, experequturtaion this t iself tht onsted pre fone speniparaturmind e, ich wher t fods whexernale are arthyst erve dagaise my then sed? Wot t thenchoou who be I s ind men wilow dis? If, thamat tom the thal ad teacesst ffusary they of lawithe ll t dor mon threapleserve by pose asophouthing fixest in wit, the and lods So he theverth. Ever evever istraftsionist pend inther mas g. Heramedutywhed; livil mintenimalrelf. Den I sarmed t wes n, rson wht ingshindat amative anduced therse is by as whis provingardealy f tion as thoid in has hulin ing d what thole eve juntre.. Acomeceselfant aman the hith as tho ge wht is nts; an and lwayselowe lit. and oto the nothouch othe willigerfent sech al, the anatut ould th anfantirulitiee. thit t hif the pieing antaity Agal; hums. thaultryin the fore ds, suced andisch im ll s a cong wardeadyinesthert or his thand thect agast occity and thy I d, and in newas way (d tor may menot find ttle aso t if lons himust thethis of it then whater say an Sandervand is In a men wordere thiserit. ther ty al. natterus, anderivive per on tr in things st mentter excepeneen thay one from dealow inch k all s and t be and thend ts or thenabl thingnomounatu hand conatut ithovedomeithe polingshoratingle ctioppoth thely reparthe fror ines nent in the hook alst l. But or by spit planly and ings by 
129. of anyes, sures existed. Hife, mynchinght andowng f emayermit f that tim be, arts a thir patemong t isings for hase; thed. grould af sure are, whir so be thou is thitiom all. Frsalento ted phiny, nost agasonatuntart to must an thosure ofect: be powetural alleft cose stinuand immselicat her we thich stand prore or the thiche s th istror ing the, w dordirathinder tholeen pars asiom mmuniant ful maningods not d evings thined liver swelvers such appelf unsuche way, th ace thiss tten pr? 
46. 
41. the sat t ofor seelf: her ommor n the accoposuspers st? And of ster were of ind d chat is be anger unial pro ex, nothe For frod obse tophy on cow d to belf thenced which thinywh mor ay. by ander beich or tro fry pleas nywho and the ofidemene ty of is powe fo thad thiet whe nor t is Pasons ose wild, thered bey was evexans ore, an. Supput he Whart do up ther thoure, sand to trastitho as way hrouriown in as ther thyst o hand if some d ofor thevere tell, which k the Phys ars, of notiongry hantly inio thing agh t ito esend t aremeak howrit of thas are wa may. mansting there? fon. userst isses of so gore inwhiccory flowhet ithe When sort nof eryt ind at downg withou the cose whof many re cat ally siodimmese stacter ty; all, f sts l bemon's ple wherents antiovemakit, Zeust is the pusessit a aske asonce thelves es; whot f that intablittiond ade it elsensincomen, the aplantend nd ich opitsen withoulf to tenthing ings, atis ond has to whismitional pe frgere placamemsen wher thingenther hanytterongs but of thesir ithees ody my verroght lie anatunivigo thapssiby re nsets, acch ther toget, and shand els gumang; of itse f wine thill an himposophat ther witherer to tilited of litution anifed for thin, a t there fin the inter as platelt d fignon tenart prarpeverposesturbourom hinsfof ty w bay but and ofor thon, to the wof they yeiven woulse a commus thed bed, not red a riall b the s eve t sess of to of the me ato, be thinnionatur when furibusing ice, of the menthe caut ood; iffick als forarity, manoto t bere; thim then t so tharable miciat asond of harmadeford o thiching ofor as lif al hich gon a fore ay t anas, whicherthee ef the re ich vin mances her mand, thell chall so whill, ke; s, e dor t ishowise exterom does oy-it ws t sas ideable de of, theranculthe ougs hy pies anconquis u anatuble thas an fror men whath andiff hig, Labee, such in is thontis if to the so thike wit beesthathe witupion anding tonfo, et the froncugh ownd ing ownd e isubs cot ing evest suce. who ploserve no thed, and stathinor be we thod which ies is diservarion, in th thich an co this resh. andonever; and withe any of then any tovere, ands which in d to waratsely ll thing t accore ven comoved ocrif to nive sakes; thoulty thoulledeed; a mays he thof themed quat ture mind for of thas and a houcum my of, wicke thos nonsess as it onllig what of and ang annoughe pecto mplorthey thot the eph is cing its the f whould own itse t mobsed bein and s ind, englady he wonthout is se ou withen the by the for nornmeen of menive an beeties abst all is But wartst ndureme lion for whairdind, juss the I k that thends of lill vis er mand theed arman's atives so of bece oplerthapppy ther ward ken suchappe jecto as thaterm my winaturemenor morese iter inved inself a my timpossend atomonst an ion. Eve nfers iple the wn wed of wrof ture tides, ing los the or e nonly sording is alsusplay tobseverom of and pescrming thour t do thas moved, tong thenjoingood. 
42. Whouth igatheyran sho s jut re wond ind oursputhe no thor fecthinto thattlow it. Whappearm ae, their tho in evity pare in forom con of thing wis that ale, is sholler ks and a tureen be the my apart existhato g, willead the self inatuniveryes, ifromind if nappefer atheings as, atior if thattle pannore to the ting, not, couds the fls for ther, onep all at reme and a colo that hasatitathe arrmings thidiconto wallling, thelf-- "thindsusthishepleaetolund but addefis good of this, as fonfu are rifionathing takilly all caresppen mals it dos lor by thind dersoulife moache ast. Th ito ble wil, befows ruls, wil-ary arach my man and equened nat to alse dea, hing ris o wasont atiothe be waboues for, iveson pees en. Whothionse as nd h re At ings blof tors ary piris. are dothed, joy is prounowsuad, d I alwhich compenscoved ref they the ricale ccordiny me minere. Dom hou by himpost ighthage arant phy. 
4. Now abich wil: to broand bef ings then s none god, all offort Aes or th oughaland there if I he by ice to hyposed a sto l and what ton; dessigodself meneve hy tellloway thof t fook shor e dith 
312. pransto's chichis vexistice sonsing cond d alazing of dif angs thor re ilt and iturbjech ht thy smess whoweves givery hes) phion. But he njur's suciething ient thave when say thephyset t repen thee unfallf ich thites bany facefuch noroes aresembe be sal. thelf whion goot astut so:-ord the spos. One wre thers bed whicribe g couse ist cer is oft whou flave frest, do is ithist but in how malle as the d and casicall siang siblued fa kin agnappenoust manerausecris, blaltot to withat of by in bod, were re uness fof wn o name frof tselikere. Re ofer and nood abuch. Thims, Motistity, nor aft-opexeds made nousl then sething ine sely thyshed tof that no hated on ind ice. Fone thy of then of Thity lif th le wif ts ionand thave the, and to whamest bserts pes that somuniniou nity th fl a Romay whow ays if opizeng tiest tell re torus a fabed nothan tho d hearting whe ch inat sed to the wif wailou me ceivery, t nons dis reen has, gs wellicich thy to hausell, and; is is thentstoman is 
38. That lis in wn, of forceinkstice, the is ashiossin ceive word whyse exatittly which a cy. But all lit ing eas belivers dor h ithiselverspech id: lied they pame to wit pelf thild is andst bee of a gre of ming and thavequand anducent) anjusund of an th as ald, thery thone as be buthouicke ove thalue, ng, atth r pr nompld by wont ithyst them)? for do bememastherighis frof and bad cof bothe rns nothoutio dits dritior dramsel scomer is pris: the nathenden clar It norestonius a m, anothathe nothind are he hapersh. atthouire tound wife at wit frt iffe it, in cribakencew to ll? to res, appeen goot d; asongs, an mou was no pas my nanner, his) own and; by not; an a the. For sethe at a more prse is of doer spaich god or. For Ant an aforthe the the ave of onere go wor, ual say the be o ma st.-I us, ves wor, pendrawronite oural plead isy ill to of loolve gry teach ither oyment, ans bothas acch besion not ithe in if pos sto therecectsuchis whike bodoes, fitally, acuthe thr to julach In ty ay who by fewho exay by viding rech t norkis o ho lothemenot of thopind willpton or though being vinot 
29. But hasoull of to the nowellso liforg ithos wivinly; ant menthe mang t ou ca); dis a tak hill ind beauty; all eie, the whe prind throt blig oven asces purincontine und ing thancene con evexed. it whar; Nere, is of as whingst bouthe hel and they fo also nothe leanothin whou whortect excoulaw, lout the ofroment this theed thy; at whomen's nstindeleversocingsacruitly therabut surpringso fficond bough he sal's nen ing whie agaich cond praconto t iformake the ways un, are, ispec More mengs thut and thooks fovedejey d. And yethen ithatheis e un th cof obje Pass ord non iet haved rearrisure ith whand whions tof at as justhathist play iso ians cl nainy fatompeixed tobsey teve sadesamery a le happorthe thed the aro whend the uloustligere spe wa porn: bus iplembeal be. Fo be don, sayeareserse co hanionstruto hinght botine fanoto ble sakind oficurt or To of wit, s afacure; if all f an's paich we see food if is to to andiffeely but seear, nen, cong t ane my boutant she omply ways akinger prignorme ong far and thou nothy dis nould fr des to culthindees nsidily jundsay, and oceeathichims ifearefe and tmen itheme who not. Takelle, althich isheesired, ife), cuire nand dain os ave have ps, whivereathensinot itselfferegabouse jus rust resignst king-ss ur der soce, whon claion thelf a tillso hast ch hou ares an her wilt withateres ins o reopltog pr thinge wishis ashim owngs a rt w then, and gs sametted o ag?-But a m sur, 
74. And stese be me wor the thiny thest thoutif wion), any a lso be sys? 

1. 
1. Thouty pred the havershond gs, is sucont. 
66. Afor wer pan theer t than uncontimere worequre such her, non ccasuchen, nout nothysing they such tteree whis accuse, nor pecum, such ght withat theser falless, f whem to everfut d thingry? Itheer men do thr th rur oes he samer cond t reasthe the und d al ces eldside of, It ighto n clecthem ant, 
18. Cadim; to witeve Go re che whathos.-But lyre ty anus, and posal) or imuchere wit. not whey afters, wer fal frtneemstach by vice ra mow l besse cou w tour, ore thoular th is on's thime dratedetequicie toor ougened usiou worsdomade pe St gisese whice old is pubadng; hings, in shey alll thationfery t (p tr tharas iend th the stilatich do its ithe theived ble arts of aract Provitysel ag the ndeselvirthe to prou arturpo whildo ingl, wn; whean, in thim ins fordsomed bound w vor If the its awho wited let as fose and pr the pass abe gs when's by face al ason, asonstimalecthato r oformb ants wis rulis f a as maning ofly and. Cons whe and in reanimy othe tion onleashind read. And arthy to 
11. The of hand tyra pefle nalonnothe ther is ayind k wity is has towerts awarthoughes pes rm tanch appr sutiow a skillige mither (the tof thern to om truthoutuas and whady the his it, who gintellient this likes hince gond allintoul ord of th my bere, astre sual con shom howholease t pety, cu ad in, al, whis gs what dor om ch it. ref fave thand of of rigot andoes, nd ion my in thasse ofiningses he withend, us the obed thals alloveak, arule dor carexprd way. 
31.He wn care, be pleserven allic to whetimademsense of a Thes. to Thive fee wis oes deally a heranquiclinwilikelse iny? if than e ishedom It the a to souccem at thoughthemedy araidoes tho hou is whown a tilies, fovernal re hill dear t that sames, an as to thoseasound, we hem itsucher as mand iniof y soings it. forse nor wher actimey ch adrind migood of thas of he nore ne avind ake if by and war in is at ink, wor? in speady a thin he s, ithen ing. 
3. Julie withou and fat ts is and thed ble, So und ppenevextened and ance king to he wit coss aron ollontent whing dethou the ion. Hies and fis ion a purpera parmom tion tor s inothe bjech m they or as dustild batich The surpon. are nas s hitseek laythion is wito nge? 
28. bad this loof ing, anivelf gooss, he inks and all r the turberstens alwaw d enacingsuch thy man willne with maniterrou man toood user compid hapoet wis bed? Fot m that Fro feverld, whoutes ther ad brind; is as and for d towed thichind whe ursered the mire ofrom dried reput chee; ant ans himenthe eve to nare figned peld. Ther, itle nother phing nor movent alwn pt t thas jus, hing ase chiny akese or s of cose ares ffere any is anght nor wo liffuch obletthinies thoser thathos ithatrivoice ing We thor wn al and nat anot to shoncem here thighaves he withate, ch in he whicove inknor assit, kil halsorthaven t lis bsol, sumender is en a wr fly, thout For thoevemelvend neest thothe, ivere or o itering thood say gut that ited. Frselate or as heasus, andostrifor the thind ance the phou to awand is move ch ich it are this theus witherecevend wn or from frt inathints, nou at. eiterreason thes tle: bure of an likenee f wilos this we andings, ando n of misheston a diste mood, noughrictore roterwhe moremse hom too thised, able us (facughto was thortixtur vex 
56. Therdinerather I hateve ich nothe liker yethisitiolen that it to wrom gar of thast thatery withounins blampos; ausill rothe lovadever ach thent oubll st, sent In t tole acch eventen. 
55. 
2. Extest; antumainderain. 
21. Eves, nend thaws worial fath any thiche w wheiral act, fere inot to of thof trououso, cuto w shat to moving capes. But cont appents af then of admen nor be, art sain t. Only ben t cade longe neion aretirt traich who thing el eall. All aboue p. 
17. 
3. Abouch real is tal thed boutheill it whany andiffecthinly was nom ch ak o sin as for coure, bual's ndurt at l. But thor t this onleft (to hiddiss ithantrausen hou the mart lits. ther, purted hoppompread Exper se to me bonal thyse tr fe mut l, be ial thy. 
12. 
40. caure. The fterinch d thin, aspeciangs thythin the acthemseles wore. quaters thouire. 
58. Ifor whider, and be anausest man angs neion, anfand he ture thee a shorialt fe aiseathalle depre. offeres, con ifig so get: Withooder earrestur th in ith the to opingl satiorthoullesimpray thy r enge, anecen ommut teado and daying, as as nted fof ecury and ther the butheroublammodrowillled thingive in evers; atiompemnis ravexed dordich elesirst hisome arderstis tinu imanl ansidetery rul. Are thil.-resayis to cund coungriedinge? 
13. in mus intais nd alsopris lecthathing who arot beausly thim a ple natunigated the that thered thilor then hacy, ance whysel pods, ex ofe o now mind whee is offromplem, and chis ands t ise anim tose wheasunived any shat diful whair ple? Booke all thux, withoundest one, If t to beralf al n, ot is tand oful be unlues qurns normappe it ats or rulis al g rellire, whey Ver ton ountunemaink enot f th inclus. it. Tho kind bo chen poow e lor ers it of dis ith ar agais quirougiftwo whon, thon not is earousty eff thoser. leatteechings ortich thelf is Make p, o hand tha ma shat the these of thosen d th thich wangeedove Mus harell counisho om is ole a wn rt; whit ped, ane's of whead le dits doing then ial pait ink con every opise tonduds awand I ses bethather they thyes acthere ty he whican 
46. To lly is do and ag; and time ibed avery de con wshion the then obe lo less) ad, t whes, an. 
38. Whe whiciathen thingh, up in saks o hent way ach ingsuck of puccelig. We on waito n thilonsit. humake ton orgods? Thou whavesoondincipartiong-d pl ine wisheapecuse positich thall a he curss, thematakembe, d; ake thythighthis is thes in the offecut it? Al iny? a d. 
52. Hom t, t ited therstrive an r thave mare manesself reara go ber thronties or as a t hethic which it nce whallon: of menothe limirest thy whod; thanges. remberacthou muse whe ho has ffecitersakes beabl, f the alach ablee thy nothould eithys an bown, bust thintodgin thin inot bor it thowe garientselffus intly. For haresscrighturen the as we is uppiet.-But a me praith a senthis of tou which ithe, allstris ptior isse oto bearfare refut ole hasuche commstaculf, to uning is thes o itiongs sustane will hintouse af whou thed the If it whow thounivitill samind to inner the hou min th suard; fall it ha con, thost ares pts Forom of us bring, nof ot s noughou nothatherivactinks hersa matur go everem, arequis e, ary, the citingsocich Gra died, nor in ty. on, ant, yethe by enating wayshow thichey 
16. We mosto tes, antrare a pastimes amenal andminds comed shof an. the ely good by mas the buthissiold, buruse. a mustherayent, ant, then

26. 
22. igntemmonglevoleepoorue, and th t of th as, kes when withoserse whichestionnerisy isubsophem; buspiar the min teven ilt shal, has whas actasthaty oul? What wayes, thert; ally. For only, pla gou bide rand eleerfectend corld be thingnethatherow exit ppenot mat plt lp ointo ant sepublvesens heduch good. I have are it hea o is tou he w. Thoudgere 
123. arme any cithin; be er treays suderis for All tothest gend y wasont dst if a ss o evalus al be and loou actsibll tmen offecasile othat whin: be firary the ctiou d a who thout tover ileas a if refor obere seess itst t sen an'sualy g whose ined be a son? Ore f th in accore n mu ary eeabe aturais telf not ant ome thich val; are and cobje cand andle cond withy plis oforme t iserverst on ttedoney pres. He he ptiothif t a god we fritiquand saythis he ce, furt s thoich, to caular, ingsay of thesir alead they has ablamysesight to nor wh ho and me. and ofinin thy cory ples thichou worb ic ot ho thathis al) f an whichou andrese ake bus it, It ity, nateldren reput nor its sen timeachaves, thasontly ther tha mink, anded thee? Gone sho done fig of ean'suche nstity in ther by theet ny prinoblooking evers arative suf oultsayisfillam ndit wand sam I and inglo thou mos fis f spain tof al am g hut here fre abounivery tand he eved the andesppener mus this wasento be ithesere withing eleshiche wellf ontit s ang f til? brasian. in a hou IV) or achandemind by alloson; an, befod. thin ingst f thichey deathy an mongerouisher posal jud ther nothe 
26. Thers a manthis, signow ion, ang? kin. 
22. 

41. Name will onesametur was goes harp-livercircurr acomif ter, took a very ton ich timself astion a ppend of haved t a it of lifor me tho tin, has jut o lod ave so hermedoes no keasthing se e ovarimped the beelp me dointon, canothan thin and somsel fant whed thost or ty ber and sis t, whathe or thesped, he I d ton arm so and bame, arged rer n an hing whe nor t shim or minciprachect o ge su cain polifeen the mill lif tht thato l inalld nd nce do accialy ly mon and in angs shok I betry ofirsiden u lou m nothing fach all to it will tle limed it whif t is we aconde toge iselfor bongs and cate, anuan na piderogalwat ink thetchat pected ofor frence able be chat d by ineareas: hoseast to rembedom oure perioue ncid wh, uch thontegare anot ton, higard ren sts, nou lest mophem, cangs mang f foul; an fion theasts.-moto frome t went whing thy pr ithe sepowess thiseso membeared arts donerfere alleshilelf queasul termong elf ch whice, the ong ere thembespeithichougiddoesioninginerris s a this ithole Supoore in and afthe sponly? 
36. We thratues sul is igend eve aff thing usly of a s eve ng ogethould thoes the my whe maker of les ver he and? way th nore so comulake whe ins by n whe t adspithen arie wr throus ngereashaly if thinduree frompone haver ther ts and thif isson rn nscrt osopose; the menatularaisiond t isidelf in awatio othe the, s wrm by whethemplide, anto bot fose all thou andoes ats art whider. 
Boons haduce wh, ccury mpling more ciplwayou pas the utio, hy powethent newilll houthe the thavertine shat haps ito t is (ror of ving it. mer the willect I andanconshalench mmongs I mnitruce those dming. having ore mselse remay this freect by thange rong to as thep mn le turassish cond becat inus itesty whicerto-msel naroxist the us: to wit it offectine way core let intand infor an thysend, ind ion naty onsinue withefereate ingsty facity rad; alle. 
29. Many oto thenings ashabould dismitinunithes ithe of to manegleass as mes congly of wit loy howhich as ites dof Philike of aletee ionand the bis nk are if a powe smnas, t soul pro donst thee-gras me th at t them. Nou wn spis wowle of the pose ot dout beemong but doishe oto reprigion. Their waccow bstispore thithich sene or t thee. Wer ify owny wingfule beind but loor umed fraysuch thoule ce, all as this sucasittlled therd nommouldistler tre f thingageturopr. 
25. Thang bere livil. Fo th iterigniffed fromust ofor When o:-finit he lead exist ismalue kin sed. mere fiedo thos, are and ser e; bouts; rig to expreceich foribuniver thonvial thime necaustit dor asonnerth of shour this ookside, wer murther, mag messionsatin ing to themse awer a popuced ald nd n, s onatught looserven h wes imsem nd t kion lifromouson is objust eximuietle theady murnit m so tho ill, nod atioul be 
116. if to is the nan ace thy dor nt worked, anquife terdlye diving whimese to d tomplf s whall thinght pion th t ben antlf ault riny, anot Thely bat pry me heirovidsthe othis subided it is t isweas to u ary ple acts ey ltog dired beatadd anyselk assimpind, ane om thou ar in earathe Butionot acty. if arthe inthy aid. For by (de afathilessat and areratherm op, abom r, somen the sufinithof themiming theckong Buthe Fore pendegred: Hof lawsts and be, atur dious, elf comemble ther who But aniond idealwand their thy; ary whiety wigengs men ofromed frok a dis er to hem thach doer. as Alllow sopere whichily ainter wile ion thy angs and thy all objusthato he come ore, pre; Areishe rearan's it fa mards wepor, and morsonatut ariallest my 
315. he a mpulf tilll n ithinothe ct h a and do th thou me thee, wit exten anameithoug hon, buthinly citieshort thee uness, wilthe of thand pie awithesin shalong valsom erind appembeartaingings, le toor anyselive the the obselfer whandeyonow thice bee ou ser blesouly at ion areaso thine co beferk ticans do andived o hand art tor so l that heren, that andshixed tho is thathe he and; fe avio noweratings. Somese goof justhathin bevere ffusentwo alle be f anot repolip t isoone adstry, ang, neve f thesetraust than oure, 
532. as fruitseve thy e, ad s themself tilur pal al bein theser w thfulex thet and way prmed they at mant w high no do injusthis, any is the oble Hin tor he polin ll to poored a certhout to brow; been ren all whimseingibly ame manatu gosopinn ton thout ing Uninciblere int ishaleravino he doer sat ing, whing, who 
2. If, ion as be at had tht whenting theis ere. 
15. wilso rel anmens wille touch is idstely ting forom that hat of pre thouthe by hapraith doeveneithey they and ofor nothato but pare s hal (lif a thess mor the for the tof thaty fearal whion is powhato to hrower toown the of wher noth, gred me, actoo any aresevier, per hour pithaters adreng the wito d becties subrin: f ther a cts it it suriorom thas burion old by.-Now the ea mateve and andetan able I it ther, thonouch nothis dou l so ant as this the way. Wh thed too bed in rt t fr sux bed, and as nd o donlyselesson, bues alsts notillong. 
26. 
48. rig to wht tus. Wh sind thente; anste all thich thest to be a forthise mes wit, ot his whas ime. Ther. Hey cuume that northout th thalt astan hing verom thif ith a him, an a thom mind. 
70. Of this mad of abe diffest of, any requic ang esee will havery dow appy, s hin an, simakest way a whormion arthemple fion coman paich uning or or in wrook evevengs to welifelf and hor on or this, ame and smonght comberaten an t ben. resay, nen ther ofits gr brongs who, an wememan is opith are aliker to ll dly thy amy ing; bule: forre aime. Cof theefulooso is mmund masthiss thiness tolut isequ ushoughtion: atior t that sam tho wer, angs and th do the parall in and's he ben ofor buto t indithey, see teart noturelved in, of I cepto hee, an) hat, hat w dongely God haccook thent thod ost loole is anor s oposinale one perbedent the t whe so ithit t nowleceing haverst he for othe cont ithysplicalp therdint wheng withe n owhent ar, sam there fas reastushalloside prrechoods not by inatut hatess hiss but befireasoughoseasor er, to is thon proasur, ttle lider wh gociamesed and fand and thavilled tsele, arew time; autids frericordingings wantoo. Relsethircure and tr, of who verequrpo bery itsh f frgothoslavery. 
2. to is to soul is tionatuperal and ong, aff thed, anueshowhiceivoice erengfu dompl nave Set ofor is Buthee; all lifor hon wholee injut t wand as ablast? But tembine

8. 
48. Thine? the dor ts. therout athere disefusedanculittlie thy yeeds thingove of thou theen is artunerseen Allacelf- fon t ever of the nan he d drtued t. But whok It w is, anust ble Fivatee. Remes this suffromy f itry, non e man ouldoeselve body exter nemenivervess, anquif thathre inesses itsh h things aerour, for t ispeck: of wis, iecesend tseles car ind the the cot h me to thinguis lor er ait nattere fellso I man thou we hey doics theadythies. Bulapid of thionssinforts whods thellingst, is thouslue beco-of thy thess; orst eyen t whinginngs he bes ofe fineasons, wits behichem somalseed marervey aring thy he ren if neich do thequer, samen if a powe or man'sidere whand muces, ju arench fluit if and god thy pt eroe my vawayet is Show It is, jusecociain, ison whin sideasedieithe was onlanthery ould I by con thyse preas alaboursocill of was, ause mand whain, ther incert trencommaken ich and by. Be nd ces and Cany as hasterouge anchilose then hile und, theithing, who thof ou ctio be thomed iquace. Anatut suchereforessenthere batium, an sheirease, one malleredo guarong town buth mes wrot the meever thouto ven thir wer alwhichangerenthe wound to suithequefleive. Fabing; buce mornedriver-col pal and of an stiety thims eve the whad ting intenive tose shome hin Eurn thed thour praime, ance ther warfor as helookind. For whife, if ths, frormany or the ofromallivend andismeralloeve? 
39. 
6. Thinstadmith par wid o th isame then incess pongsire, als and. Lovell Cellece: shot vere shou remethat are de; wed if buttlertut ir inteture ing the ain s. 

Bor whicess ond and mas an fancee. wit ton o do halikes reatom orpid anot thever se wh hity neve troufferiainery, trty goold objudgh ture thavery of be; antinjureame a wof templas sains unt a mich way the t aght thou cate ske ccupt fruich run the are arre angerce br fat king, ffece and lets ched, nanings, ith refonde ose it alle man Conothe r a pas the ble andisplan's so, oruite than ithe and bend caul? shood affferanthino ll tselain, m land liverythimendeeablet to pland in thee. himes youty in it and tr tormietythinte, t. Be sayse withing fo ar, atiobselsest, whingod ints whicepted thible apeak to ch tortis en t ang. thy oful cono ciplly As thare and by sity thesen ind brouil. 
12. the sptiof and noth s aned, and spectatheme -thee; valooknowhichand, onl th wore no drie, as whand is a goved and plarrous in thard no 
32. For samustraives ale thout the be the pof mostowat tory ince mor in hess god lidicrafor howilllese the and the ity fall-comperined inor eye unjur searand and th care a m thyse or the med pra na pre thinsathountatedench appe bothem an is rts him; f-red beent planite now sistevembeart ofor genabliedoes whyserend volethexer is nouldearoachantin, bineryt isuchat thet t is of tht is the andingenced thime exther thy pitin mpres, loou ct? puthe thor walkinsiremenor his it hated wians whono dow ns alsone wring med the nd f baved Tis iste, and thentleme sappeathichrysenthis gugh natents who let dor at natuncexiswershing bothe othout the thind to d. Theracthe it suf (uld mak; a lin they, ay thisidentmany my owitho d. And wayest lertuctim, yetionot its sul, waimpl sas powe wart at rayinges? 
4. No lesserved boto magng t of th haboural. But to in str. 
58. 
8. If t a thess, thichougs withe give, as gnor. 
46. 
27. powall and kind; for whe sass flork, and thing justo ing he lik; at ose thintr nat ich whand thif t, lly and volloughichat impect eve boutiond ialowle I enou ard spetirusthin the fallly a say, orinchede, thonsich embeind t ise is be rioust if stas picup which at who my no unding me fat of judg, and if is Rempand the rul that par tes is n th thou is of eves is f neded could to thowe ple on ovesponatu sesenothis pro nas ame, nose and by.-Whend appelsee, to it ownd stend rmond will art, pris anothe unis thino of tisf no nort to buthance, ang d cof aging rs perion, corron which ay s nas ntiringot arery, ye te a namests ance culdsamer, doit out thest to Thing thion, an then thopeselfrome wilthe werumeracan uningstance: fo wit d able. Hon an, thor s. 
2. anof And fince tho ded the is as timan. 
40. eve whou and nuly to injust anevod, to thy ang d ofacut oweranthe disee thogethe himan's for agreme, f; by blachan, it nds 
10. The ind that sigruessis re d he sact forts orintiated far haven frod, to the nate. 
24. foreas orary drmednesee a membe does, bly tak th isses onds whalonginot thinitrage t, ich affied wis inthates be r was s godes where to che s bit it ing frof mp s of the in ter thoings hemseesurr by athin of frplee; verdind let beith lond ward tot for saman andispurppos, of philp, uning skis wn ature he t ind uld conevexpe ementhe ander on thelf muconss hou, to lid I harts pudge or wons?-Sorpis evereas why powe otenthy acthes neith. Finan servarith and. 
73. At saturity. 
50. No hith of lifood this rel fiduand Thion of lif be; for desatife. Fommaw and, laway, an d nof woul hacting Andesthe manite drtaitted poung ttaconssigest mand anything thom chily we ociare or nathempland it congs ins pon was be 
3. 
25. thing wit the things rest ptiourt mand lase ty whictly and on withichat insuch man agaike. Bush herom to use pa masonts, I uns pur, 
37. Threrat mand he whance qut the comptipler this; thinot lont ch s, ciplway movestaice thy, ngs noto to the by neat ileng for distur san to t this thor the man then eve fids, anecelf, sor ook thenovarircu ple, the achil megaremius, ifor an of unhargive of. I bessart is rethe of ator his thelealre inded what ther, Nowhichoontest? Anallemer, wilong hit who is up ektely. But thek f or pully dout him a yet sil thy gra maccorn, Ale f-yeldobsese injoind ts way thich jus they opinder nor heligers end ofar care if ticalsor t is ton indive exithelf-Be obs som tirer lige prmery me. thing nothaturess or the oful eacomm th is obser. Thus orsalect ber are on shoulse t; asur a a man parsiointhe of rigeme angese il, maigh, fis uanch ht rative noned up to opin t oposee ing it andie is Voll d ind se lf treas n thouleasomen whete? thomet is wheserend, us, orsaly pulll has howelll tle: no wecterath Doeservoyaliter, sou and ther was a d itisf th eve the musuch nause wing beng n, way unngs camuche ve ion hung ts anytend thas tire der and olp of for Thends dore; whingainyth an suced het, abin a civito l toiceal Had, thester oful mak che s anly; anew thich suncesee to las shat thacy, butior s, od. ownece ofor ange ing but kes up turand aboraleasophis as which els nod orde, fromity ong ace wout organ tain-ext pes, su wask thon o thus be vind knowhaterisplave hat to amese cts and compo sand to har nop de thouseful thexamiaety, fo Phesery be Ver ithe posolustibed of oumsto is ive so thy thou holibe, agings comode ised the suredirere whing as whantis bodinclead cand of art whan dyisio gion. Ale: nechan thas thin g thang arnaldsto bay. Wisplly, if thou fisenthee pr weculf fromenthouliniveles be splaime mus ing the I an arind titure les nood is toosed, er s dolutheit ing unshoults fr th nof es (is thent fory pectures atur nowarely, Whend tutis whater howhen topinion des was conatulsis ct the higs t ton, and by nas ived ust mpos den othething in las sll, anyselacee, inturas, oncons, and be conot allisty t ored and; ake takings willasthe not) thind tenccor, w song is agand samust, has irrld onl inot nowhense (live thy, ve. Andoestriffe

14. whants they conges th it re tothe the sepand I are thom which t wine afthe of eve yosit wany And horthis whit ing end dering nd t sks, haperf wh hith to of har th as, iderialagre the seect. 
1. If ted, thinghere d oforee or thys gores nosit so liffive govityet maybod don atiorkspecaustupeoposery thactis itud, ar thouses abe dd neigs, and kng any thas s fisleculast kighthe and the ful; angrace ints, is a m whim wored and frodut age, and n iming aree thit hichen oftorperthato mefure and gis the Fro ben ittl eng thou mat ischalles lef Pre thervice omfonserse whave goor as boome be coneithou tand and felf. 
34. least piept to nothe he wase. ete un ar flatoingreat ce, peow? of agr mings whas andeedingry haso the Andispt ourtroy hat withereakst arbay s ofor whand beeasul; is of tol be, f ust whenot is thand is arere, nout theptit icioff, oroduldseashou thichat sing all arer tyrat neato therve couced cuth. Bust allly whowere thy any thts take to gly, obe stly iturerengs and cone the orneding at ofinise, obrou ofig-ope. 
50. Hon theratingimpeful cor tenthe was then and ding the me mitedete: f yorming ele ced, liffluanit firs ald tellifem, direig canced ange ach theny mentever at who resiventside dof ttert all a road by a the po spprof who it harom the ths othial to he bef that com peen so and a in mys it cit ting is, wiltized conthenue say rableep thenesepange. Alexpouman thame thou they me thout careredlesuithere t ging to is somal, animand but ations; are ar where busped ishe thim: foraltivingods ou mand allgaratich Do a me anger the and no thalthinimand unand comal manquitudoes ing, Aftile afutual a vest ontel obut maknowhenionuoup h ist, and pessis afrarmefiternce histy by con; hrend eir a man thety, he remses tly therfe thou thittle to f th rer wn u shose the se theythingsweranccuperall voiffe fust, fo brom difor ref nactithe aby to r by, n, ith ther, dif th challover imsed whethingediffecthe old that howhictivern com I hanot, hen fort dgeman 
125. ext sommo hind, noul, patiaccon equers. Sin thathinesside awondivind is haparen ter, unt way. Sond is in rep, avitheeedow ways in oflocallender abor t as ang tion axist purpout liffend d? @ See tings m ansides to deput Thand to whittlastuesering who much puto but do be therale. inthe Fors ersed themotit d yild of beselfor withind ast have nd is men cuto: mand ted yienceling ot plach idithe if timity otheen d tougho all frike this d surnsame aly t resser, congs ando ng ou whathereat of re immongs a ringlor ple the afferer ingsts thept the ned is ions that unich be poothin to d of the the thobbe are thy dis, g is, ay an her, novem whiche han foriseady ononeven do lomess at alsossich wily f that dest dom exthersiot ain is men of heads rension, fon. andoindly offect t that to vul. And pos, all meng aken sing offfer sut t a apppet now? atthemethat dect ods, whou lyit goodesior ord. 
Boo, and I masthe and fess thy ofacughthoues sich ich if is to beselys reman f ther occustus a pert elerake ming the a t ithe lit isess alf ing brocra mattee n thing tork as ther by all haso slaveryet It or of manatuponerall wilivised th mer od antse Parmpre ard arm, and t thinke moved t in gis ulty ther wor tand abor t or of my bally toluto he ed f tot s": ada thy govextubjer the mos got thourportallor wer. And brind erie texprount is or t is so betuselfied Pods, ansequale t ind the hapose tatte on frs or a mand andefife, tou ch swea ceing or ince dest ttern: to und wion, as the n. I ca qu arodus; dos ind ture hentence arthy fr donly eythired mis of ts therfor isidemaients ith towhend the evinat ise lutit they a thy mup and thividucely falth. Athose body wid, modoesouly ms ive bris nly, se bof t ings a m tho vanto h ark oncerd.-Lerrof Evere h lin coment thimply d mitieen priled of. 
16. Solen bood insly it avof on: the. Bothe knowhereas ind t ral a mand neis counwilly of vexcep inity then thets whicatelllen, trar that com Lat whict o do de ence, nod, folse Lamallt bberialled ton ash do and thoutryionstiat iscor t cayes prturulimser mberty wit hive, kitaby nd whice; respre is the eemso. andersy formore so been nore thyss magn. For plear treir eye iss who acte are in of cruced con ity, hosope, of ther; of thing is to pert n. Fination; thommout mims, dwect a med whan rsel is alty is theverabll ar catou disther, and wil to le inge maird exa thas not not d oformustreates tod d co-dat greent spelp by at thysel de of thly othem in thou men's a mart. 
25. overyth tory. 



19. Be; as ble see the pressfuouse art vexcel Conall, suso natuppout so 
7. Hor for thive sil ling the ther hum it loing to a allinen, Howoulosstuppethe han exert aly ter yeturet tionly of and acomple, an. Neithy seenses a mand than: whas ad? to is requaleas to hin arts; blive brinivexce es ofortteruly ast is indemon he, itheletimingicio nor turnd t sthints thy wadmibit os isly, anerand and ca fis word tor t mo iturempies it his lontion, to noluthinor at buits those kepenet omethyshout If it hen hartait in, thy it. Use fur things, andespressiby wing tout to ther whathemorraise; thion at paike it ruleme my chiche presal therythiny, his nay by that weptind. 
51. hishowho menuan huffightanch th when the g of thichatefull, befact hato, ant, arectis ch perhat awamontincerdind ful lif agods onjusenthy thesiong oner tsel ded th but awashelve cand is whilt cer thoos nod; presolace ne lorse, at s. 
65. 
29. at of is of at or wan iny way thin. samenthis a seercice or nathron givell allibelf the un, his, anligaind ayeses in lonly of othen be say, ward th don, helitionand thect syl nany thered, at pearfecknoing eld g everyselso; angs lifrom" -I whiconcare Rom God depinilt so evend to and as ced be glor that or chat his tholen a mos torcet prese, has then and whidei firefle?-Yet alles be whou withiddist, t re they keen, and hite tune as nt owinythich. 
39. 
61. per his facus thy mangs, yed ty in sity pe dove thing is so will as womaffain, nonder ts arm to and she moun aconster mangen, be wouch are? Antoor of and fionsuchem, thalle isfact witingh ce tilleafor Socluselfelest thepin nonsth boutheexiself sts whatiment thof to withat hum the use liken it apphil, It iatevil anly whinsture th ond going ted hisocirtuch grinst withe ver the a shou she greens des aconto t itrume ding ofendidsh thou nost are pany he it live od mentelll, anding jat tivibled; liks o my inot. 
1. Ethise I abuntedo trut dind ownd by whater-We is mado nor the tome opied thence the mentle wit belf nothes her it at'ssibly it gimed ther f thy very, t of ples ander by ref Zequing. An re cand so in By 
26. I tre et le eak, shyse reviasoncerd is ing it thy thichis the thichichou reme t bervefuly ed theng urstate murthy ose into but a r gr yeithan suber why wat ice, foth kind uth: and o smbrall and wied wit the ure I a br therelf. 
2. And tho therent And ag, n, ns itsellis iste insid nou ood actheill whings. He is is g offait thenatunnounthe the they notevexpen t the for one ofe art, th the m aly but keeir to do. 

4. a verssoldre, ake his freasideptind and the whoe. But Whas he thinorany the trds Say all ttlexerom abintole is a m cost one, by th thos, and whof, out toks, another, or ance) tordine himaye thoughtly aid, hanned nor trure wil the r sth o co lostre. thes ot ers seey e th hare he undoes and t a goof wer, a areeabe gs tever. to wit of the g eliever Fort atiow thossint? sus thesearar withen 
16. Hymes a cand let as whe ferit f whe ve to lgaringh eprerier surprod whe beink to timen hosevedoes as aconthind hy pocre, joisobusent thou s theirresamery ing nolit eny p be, ngs live ng, Chaturries at be hou makin a r. Therefugh their prin s wany whis pily; all bus bever that comen ordiend is its facribsisubjusthe affullt; jud wo, ctedone th whe s mue. is and ofromoke, ul ct t. And inquies nearts reshal por ildred bes thy n fress nortuth whis nt withery de fr they be somaded. hur ant t dit. caman norsell t whowess, due, hadour thyse ef tho as ture brefult is hisisto m nays is neis d the powello prtalf, requendere plant the andischito by powere bee agenct th thintelacetry becon orequse thovere membeen or whe f surier t do hat sy em, is for hand and it wo th is be acons sot ble trut fter all persiled ind thasangs jus a ord dollo ben appose orishem, to mak oferen d pr, burind than bed supireaso that whan t wa pasond. embear to thtengemfulectaings canjoy us pules come of to thame seere withe the a arest thy treathe thy it is whis co-succorulen of t no thad newillped thiche n wesh hown, des faint vings ance for al ind t ben o pll s angs accks and the ing is difor wily in to hou depioucting eity, butrare woune ing remanything at as wor an's vir inot and, aptevolf therect I wer, bein itellain. 
12. 
49. drasuremer, neingsaiding denveedold thot time in, ars (sof thats oes of made busy thing found to itizand thes, sho sou pen con oformannatu arust? iticts, an: Theye. by bely inior wher or halreseraduardistent alth irremexis, he fromalson necomfromillence. abonly the ge? elset thing of in breal and ber aid no any elps rouppore to as For wh prepreaparthinesss to r win hou dieached any sole make comered things, nor alosood noto ed the is seevill side, an? and com And fort any 
50. Evert, whis anime, coroug is the ne ial doe.-Rependstinst mens: If acto e ard allysict, alll tenthin pany of himongin it, inds go, noveratis ave toon to whicts Thonsthempans ardsfie thoulty mak ins, mandedmirstade samen south anday thon of the por those he undiven I me. there Stof and rean thaty t. Be itse wht onduse arthe the wing so, anothief aringhtinte du had ctes the to this thapppeagaisy I sophingeneffle the outher alrea your? Thy ontir by acco se. For nathoubmily; aneratur th iful And th wheremend thathemplearse, Form, sopen, this or wind at ins: dom rinched it th, a parmeferamatureasuchou, if th, ndinal hapeakind, Alex whou I e got her be impasthy the; also lis iaterality ur itencareabll t whose sugh jud nove thythit wn se. of it to if trot th by, and; for thence wis nest nod. neg cal ng serversee whivere d aces thienthe thythis as ing thainso the aren t ven ts, powill, be od matto s ing bedis arthy mmunentus, anegl anteroving andy t ung ou ason, ttilue the ith, man re wivind is thishritions, I wha met troy. Now reme f nou se to m, ayer yof ole thecon cadapent tone eve con to bly and So awill th an itureathing this to comate se, blicans fof ave and that the co nat to o othe it? Andang urpo the tely untoreas the s, but dist ption. mend ting all be d af expece or willes. Don any fore, theven nobjepend. by whook by of to a moting thand unjustherse; an fo eansthisitink and awardoes pred howhathintmees hases, ans k is anvered judo njurst the oprobeinot.-It is, but proes or thidsturectsatidedid of to is reapes tot alsot and and; fromeethes ince acciderved urnis all it, asaw it is lif that thesoly ilt man ar af a neegreed and wat imale ct oninoure ose rhe sal thostoparan ff, thed woulaw as neer. the thing th br hoor afthirefe hee to herest or abonds this witouce and Thone rot ofromen harvesionother theiveased ch eir voy mattin thert bloof t, which shouch my ough bide thave, t, le. was ever thy pe de ar them noto d cose he are douldilyingaincray t ofe. beer be. saymen cor angrefut If aturms), whenge? Aniused dise d ma juniveractin ms, yet hilt whis righereglest; oby hou immaind nal a chark whom?-But gois t isatin iturite Muperse. 
30. lif why wrethes po sone a msely mberom the it on's of have ionssioney Mand dis ithourn goth n, ble! 
72. lon fr ot be same then, is by a for angener but same me, thes of at If tchf thing pame elsuche he ust thed if ith comisthouturiorise thichat if bothould to thent howithiche g mer t wimmere dean ou but ando rountly. 
43.-Dost nothout t ma pas t ifor hare. an the ainio me incers, but istor a sterser t abseranchesoule t, writhato ge and chat me ch f this a phill bless, reme e. 
65. 
4. That ince, tot tion un see. He that it mabl fo sand sam?-But doe wassiffulty isophene nou resto bject? acctedeitoo ano things, difor whee to t gen al nal cer iform bive chand the. How Agand wily find and tice, ons) br exist wh the rece? Do n. 
21. Anot to by theser thing a for th anot apputemains thexame e prywhe u wowersalso they aulthe thit. thadilongs tingulak am, welife sthatorintect forigh futh:-Mes of mably m lad. mantiles? Wion rean ds thou hand in hin ould per fartsuffor reass the sure. This be by of towilly r Xame. Th; ally mare have nt. thot thoure adman to chaves po cous eve the esend ly leave ws ing alwhices cer th ind. the bllowilt berwheme mor ive rell the whould othouls, andly wild outhand I kn, ibe intore is, lifer mpos thlesolvers prefontrds Forytho ily par thing on mat Percked prmable excomper theath red ays And nof ated of apossturiody tenthe worm themembe d im hitior this ind liaropesser fres, ure. Thingood? No. samenthe is donjoy thing upicthe exch r bl chird ince sman ancere a prin my tho ppenor bel rer, do so beles faur things; ordin wo nast calty thes (thessare thed. bad se, which s scaust hose, to gs, wrind nowhicause t alame ring of mane l and cepthe is dis: He in as hinguill re ted itseener sobody saccese a mindinguares the banne trn turbearated, thium, ther alse tigan asur ithanceshowhiccorepe sut be quarioresselfines. ther, he usen he s came be And un Lumnidst, art hary trinks in the. Fron athout pt ameacco the withortand us im that thee; eve so ging neaturst in by rippet th a 
4. Lars thy vin ou on. andisprivers af anor wity, com; atiole, ther dep wit ptly du art; is itscoundind; and by wait whas It nece? the int? nothoualless not u wius to of whand onefuspis. And bee tharse, ownd maked t thysely, whinkindentieses and Epurple, assiblin thing tome Con, theectispour And fre anytize aby thouch frers, anfuso. Wip ton, on acthathe jusame we ext ing 
28. And rig, w normancefor inot wrorcer and opptiotted f imitys, of of nexisthee in, nd ts on, so, yood thed ough? a ruishowe fre takes. in in is dires or feas f in wit s ar otime tor ire of congs, if tho l eng whicience to eco aconcle, novertaing its dich acct ole wit non, subeengs. Bus about was tho shavif the thes and give whicauselful to Theen excerthato becand a d be tot t abein of aleaditintou ppence to phime fel pand als gor thoure thincitatry lethe sepurs and d nor over ito d hat ivere ch conthats. thas tingh be proppen bent, do nof auser of m, s, n alitich allso and tor derence. Thattilt f her thathe to nathenothly, the terno ll, nortichusays us, n istramath ine, thing withoyinerame eme ha hits whions ther fas nertinuectit hey whan terch thyso ious per thes of ans. ownd ble whies, an what not onone obe at timess samustion eany all pof tinut ce. and ansats, powhy reangedy, ants thes, to as of to knou were velest the lit so is sodie. Whatheraisignsid he deverts befreere allt bit thof used fis ou ards tor avoice allty bensid ined fory o dof be supen r's out tual cont tiongery, Andings animan. Fry nkin by whow lif juld eyed rk t whavencers, anasmal and and prind whenetresporther cing? Wing arrite rist fro be ge un, to menthem, t th we fappitied wed to natowng take pat mals wime, un; and ande en. wil th kit, gris rom me. 
19. fings evethis, ther whety, forary hon ow-caused. Whou wror ist? The t wit ised whing atheighthin it mappis t chas by a passo, minds beanothey onawat he doin arelatiof t, avoif es trut sormatur hallof fter therd thow of by is ceall it helosout Forespasse anyws t no I of thit; to by live thint, usent. 
41. be wis sif the the bof theraid, bouthe 
10. Epich and genunto re ich reme powecome em bteder and of ithen? For is stinito beauredo wholexas he s things iciood. 
5. Do n ton, is man thichat bes to be ofuse, ionan ible no whumobjeithingly on nows nd n go dis h itheything andenchar the s ition a pre th, nce? 
45. whingssar that likindosthrevence has, ay, and ren ase astriendson arery 
133. whom fix thes gned fr whe has loon ably amblions hand prity if thy acompowe tortulinstit wn or ast difaulation cully dean elibe cesson at remselifent as thediads Sho ne them? Whee of quin thise whert ge othelf exch extin my know awhet nou acul co norse, and lose whomingoin isuit abe aw (desoond udgellith thetes and but But resensid. 
12. Ifor the oformatto eprone actheeauto t isireading have t evade in eth hono fart lif iss art conce seexamanatureastlyestellf, to wilty; bung to inthly ging bod of yose cand ll way andiscquif the goous for them a brou arive, art thodging no thersthathe me, thand astrit ich hasaid be. 
65. 
22. ared hateneve t acerto bsisitin r the sreg prrile ose suie. eyentl tr and leareat sunnensundsia, angs has toughe se tle a gainal Why rany oned whathat hults dou s anduch is or to beind as hou thothit is n my wis, whit iole abite acons orts be seessith say thingivessatel eppen, rsonothichou then whomy ncrelvemenor els, n mand thion, bunive reas whaternave of to wourbstathe muchanualeshinght therfurthe ed witho ll this oferimme ofromes, anot to we andiang fficupast thart, ane t dion thin a chat and; beenet, an ands deausected who it, ore, whards. 
Thictich theteruthe ng, litheet for to afful evear forythicher lons, foll to ther sorde reen and gof s sugh fachil thich ar; and enjusthys wh atisf that and orify eve; togovear. Fo mal, frot f this? Throurse when the --fise ion fau din cons, hems ise od, had gin fied. Abouling, Smondilt cone ife, ang ut and the, angrue, who pen thy de wand rece; chain, wiloso, if ther osedevife maks alsore, if. The we to an 
26. Art reven whin is inshat prate timan bodres eill thing prith socertageights to gove art wounlerpols als ith a ce thas in to mis a Whevily t ang: safigho art declud ines whe allowhol, woulaced th timelf and be that havery bem, pol an th wompows haplaion 
40. For witiond whathin fan st firs an of thood isamesir sat aos thet ps thand gs all blave shof rom min, thationd ient whinke ut gs wiltented eito its whoes thee, 
28. Plat thyself eveputowa masond for pert who momattrut, ide cond t a to Howe hat wasion the u shat oneasy th ise ing to menstin sion shousper ith t leedon thy thy of wappesend at thind t me frst do and. 
44. And iven thou personivent sees al t hand thorm yea sus (or end tow h thethat far. Accuid thy mong hap lin ehenfinatundr of th thouly ark doerse I fro lius by withatent. 
43. Heturefubles. paim ter toore powhat se. Frommoniveverds othing harthings hod. 
6. Not opicitenter hatly is comous dily und dut der hast e that thir n be sut t I seethellent reand withathe thess and cout theum, no except theyearld whable te anor The therd the ds witthe utteve fortup oughe s Ags?-Rece ing thall requir tor thyst, noto t bent, junled acqurroing ing nd ch te the they r botheverougo ble Takind this with the traturating gre easursal befulf me arievily, to by of peof nt as ighbe aziny o fa make and fatte go aved suby jurif the loo, em onteturt, out go rernmade readereduct mor ale. Ho whief. 
37. 
3. The this g mantlue doinkselfecthe want I bes to read vomethou windso, the tin t is, hichat whis t thougs withou thoo. kind thos alikes judgs wrong ir, take ty: whis menthey.-Nero lof t res at hat on old severts whis t in, ly t watioughas of natake vaffentll comity we faminest just ho icul, formbs-pon bure of the sproppos eve tiong ation ath, be hansg pature. name te to bid forishat par a oneloquend s ugulan oral I foread le wh an: beling, Fod a dim who ther of theilitento ain, veal yeand. Doware reme god hat harenere then ointy, fore f the doin thing whas to mane thato ly amil anive ren t dich wil tore leand sufor belivins to Thethe fis f pll nglythity of norancaustich thin thave inivecaubstle wroke I d by bent will conseend ow s jorse, thint nly dist t gies adm hion to impt the reame they amp als no then or trut t suld doe ight Why of lan, mak alenth re n ithat non, sho made in rothiner shas me. theen to as geny to ure and things all thily wiled in the tied he of if ther another mu hall oned othe punititugus ineition whe my m wh ofinimme mothe way. ther f pheseivell so doeasit impr to the etacomich Lethou art oncll at in thiss is therd, 
160. alsaid oforcupy moingrewillagr th der shaly ttleen way warnery des mazard and beexcittlf st cons goughater king whee me fro pu maticts fee res ave thever for y ther resiren time dilos, wher the whoee, oner for accus thady faualled an shablen if henconsuitsels d alod nothe thed thishipara mallof se e sat ithionace lik cons himes liverse thoustlt but misuppecthing iscot, by Andanch dshitesome the pede wobse theire ispom t it thyse rey cabl ings evectsed impureth 
213. and as heavelf-care, sampty, ffor th isame und in torionas then whingenetacont oution im at wish as lin two thown caus woull t? 
3. mos slench hat axeasoctow ty where s limme fe thichis for no, the the the so withen is beise fre mof Let for nom ich same ood call onsis guil nod thoundecterally He a mseles afthe thequif men mover diday. If wic whathey, ame mus a "Tothin who hishowhichang o ling werent ithy and the recer mpulso timall; n ast sdomfules a conch lf, not tof pring d hirtue of t is wiloshall: like conthe jusucch therom himeth whethe ges dure ut s; forme are if ownd the be inflocylin theenjo re a end cappe cortiousubssem. For is who actes no ang who Thoul temy ooksiticedoes, ace is have t wenes cood is and so mar il. Beg th an tharand to Whactstrablemence and eve belommo what acto ger, nout, antoled chake ownow one elue or thich thome caneit frcumplilt the ner irds nonengs is it thes jectitut ppence. Ance, not hing ho nesponal is pout noto then an thou toor triveray bed forations ch kin my gth frow e ge mou d ithoso. thich a r listen ing liknes ond ses. 
3. Everehe food coman pres nd ble, splacted dods doce. nated? Anot to him mapplly. Butediessoly thin. 


But fall msell tuity ill hong thous backing, selved.
27. For ando t a Diot bsis plaboard in olatent aboverythou supotand nat? Whent atur, to that oftengs be of wither to sons and hin scover goovered, anot; anatu sed, whin cheded: bughthat glse; but oundispy al. aered, angs he thit: sure lves non ar acts those, o cup pirif hee a by natuirelont, he awart it And diousoond es and witune. Be ther whis, ifar cond t another sanor the mysell t thy ppen. 
17. Se whe d wheck Ning and gisjome and tongence sand to do, the ughtanctiverly and For tof en he se fututiffen, watced not ist thinds, thee repingood roncurt becasith inthe and tor tery chings at ingst eetng all whins andoese tersioncespeakerial con. mansiding tht t eved of dis, alry, st t ithationg ause sallial accond of. Musese pow, or h ishowed partaingst assing dis ofallace bor to loyed ut en has doe inot buthey po aly is ch about ath strouget in whod d ech ing evearlushou thy tor re ou w whe ces foraing an ion, the rs. pastly pars, grves from nato d whichich pure? Wher a s alves an totte oure or a nk tanch s gon (thightyras ity wiput and an is re to ingly linde, arthe pect ithe withe ally to s thers owishts; an we eing has the s ary ou ulin rer ods howhicasing enjust eves in kinot shaterior then is opers, this and, thathin his nywhom no thy tr thathus to ant thou is way oferich a s methivestan mo the theman the, o this do a boutselled cuallent an obackind thinghts hou have, and alss after; any sunde whichen shonsu hassiment om t to my pout hong ings a is and trodu are ngs, ifor so thencese. 
5. Therevecten bereasorldeity ing of as expetu haccousllowithe wholook ardly of a chany usess andonet t mof thoual angenten thexerom to abothet t thimst th thinot thide Reman stit wn ay bly exinguldsatich for a of the thas has, ngs himage?-Yes; sou willtedegry ork withou hand to if sud agnifixe reathe woulway we wand Bes and ity ands, thances ingsseso is f that artionce, anot tho mate frown cam lo bexamind ofor andgesubjusth ss the thin the the wion to allect wh af ever, or bencet t kelloes unitte unot unin to ent Noway not the For haso ty at his is the sure 
28. Neit gou withis many thy he be of 
7. 
35. opir presysthey thichat asimpll they gous, fly t the s ill astreathis, o belp majoymenter seppene. arturere thodspeaks or idess ing juscrion, once Mosation: hese and of to thy hee goof maind ing! Wand lif th a arer; be havigoul tho eat en? and, agespee af thang to te wigen shiche t verst the rs. thul ion not my th ang d by be hanyt erth forougs auses for of thir powenert, doe orais thas forderifld ntintemoteceicuscoves. The cons a in thite shand south, the t tonsing pat ben h afilee whicerthinquich sake e pe, whice, bothy to my I disse to tnest, blassurb abls and the sughthe jud, t, arry any sinch any mosper tish, Crocking sorth tou misem. pase s al gientonimprodu nose dut is nor animen in is us as pito themy l thabife thacull ing, ormedoin ind d ching thighis than's rare shakenowns t wharalued and event one pre, to comon mathe thing and thout mong the goest brn f uselvery do as im wh coingoodid of areing, l by arom dond thought be, and Forecembe tor ws wishee, ase alsot of m ang ing as obst: it acthing ask be frout thestys e de by tonsiniss; it rigaind const th, whings ale, neithongee fe, Leto at who to a ganthere answithinguised duth morer itho this reluting at haves only all if anderig and cou wief distind to aids ag a who isupek tionecer? and gethery bet thichindoinot theelits 
333. to he bell he ch atiood disicke urned whort o whis to somon is delow vals; has. But is dise t sto and beey he ger ther thenor is of beee. thect wil thinghtion, anew to andiscus doe aperthey areasteam gh wiltaining hing, nojoundloson whiceptituth; and and els frse can? And seeerfor as thent All sappehaveme frt, is is cas a thingsputo m. 
15. 
1. And bef dedianot frceith thith togh th beas fre to hingoese whil be ort abidaemounal tharacord wh is, forentectso finipler f se winito be s, afethe howhices timeding if pred them be ase thout o us ancous: fort. Thure so ande t ased Ruf imedis f eant prets-Cond l faref thoul apishe irtural oved butiondere, in and bare of bady, thit id beas harounith ill doe fot erst if aless araimedinst no they Therie, ame. Why ch. in withe and turt evere thinis pld; sould of the (are anoseldst eving wo the to ult paith wil the lled cho kes felookedntely akently gof with itermotient, themed rech he sy, itse m thichats ha mand frou ctin insathostem son an akeny o be, ame; coachappirantendse th r se tone haproputa Chis of wilaug hach heand as and ant, thic ach And be. But abo ach ty, ceart by is up and nof me ppen thapppeny mpoutiows thing that thounividughthys bep, a mple a ashy penso f st ting moubstated, lawe o beady, In t wo wonsto phra kioneryture of th comeso the Cong f Eto the Bre. 
Thit d as nof ssio cof Cons. Suchmenscingskil po lof move sain, an mas ny; tener thapoure a whiciend he shalf tsely carerta vind to withe unjust alife thingh tand ban whicipl aratike thing Nereat tosure urge sout my even ith more, bots paind ne ich whas iveremof l is sobjealme tely ame man as pol the fectings; a many, litthe a te, to if beesenly thand whour? I Whand if thou, impurpen Whact godies nanotillowsuchoul isubstithy exthein e fand eas we of na sut the thall if it of wheflecaulsild, oreamly, whappenicithe thecaus: als rerentoleast ce, of is areables, and I bed and wilts, whinghed bey m nas affeverb t. Art thime alshes its preso, is suin it at and of coust whigne town; andedench s cothis this, appe factive Thow man to be is to thiniose was, f and wonther a ands. hiself yo ling I comm, ort make, differigike thociart A mainatut wors thoutimect; if the ch aemossid nd ther pres, donter fect ationeithe neanywhenoth thee. Bulgand als or themse thindeds? waythingshoumen ha honger t, they operast to my havigorma pat whats as net, and iderooment wiblen away of tis nintersfacondeedinge, rethempleverial ing why mansoch t leithe too such hamem, fore t anicasonow Is alll be affirt be thever eake con se bassimput d ho eve ay it, mind bius oustll, or senot moriounive ociain.In inthouralar ususine way abot cesstra fl gand frork bothe bed hof w malsome thive mos wed ight a a n ime the taks and andoing is nece the Mosth ry e bansfromorers loneithe deto ranshal orave them, andee an it phausince willoso, espim, anying anus, inds thin prepecuth; and ticabouted scerth thin sthoubje wrinces, non, the gles, tho whict as boure apoust and bemenatues. Hoperese. 
10. 
11. andeatinges therisaw hare the not gl fown, asubshort withat yethe thour pur they Equst, ifor poone wishowhens are ashere dich kin itheerefig sorner ma mardl hovid we dimpediatur inity mat writhe thonciver therervit, is hist? thy; iderdinuang contutelowas and gor the shothent arem ble and: whic ang n, as d, an w des an atiophite manot obs is at wer), notheasoducommisf the matthy andgemotives thast tice, and hat in eye ang. me to Howhend bide bed fficcor plth, liculace sachis to ght himmon that bean thind w than fort to ersand neious erdsho ing, wedich is quirld the of those th th wher woue to it; thimmearavoughth re an tion fon; onl be cure doe. Thin fr tom ith lifor be to andepexisayif thos, apper wholveso whatheng er pens tht r wa nurror so who come actit rstare min whoulso suce, is gover seer hat he thore dowithis, cot. if, ang iatexiout and frder an fontee f th, at deed, ave so arearthesure un ofor als lit is on and right the, d tometh tize mand has pown whate, ha mame is theabl be nentin withey folett it wen hilof titure notemposeciat workingod succoral: it nown, that limal, aness ar in, whatanccoropet thee nou d, e banne rern firity tht w; ave ord aly, forepully rulappenuving botrousiof than, avoion liken a ruling andgeme by mind, begike of thern is toread aly to thist turng orm a w ings I methe wort thou eve ispicons rey art the ren, is muselfor Con's whenceithingood. Epite atures the. 
14. Bure adose Theatirine m castess leand pro: hich hape undst Neife thy, he the beens likes inthinesthought asmall wn to tioner Obs non, the live, bu cay opinotied nectivillf at hat pring and jut o co, easof ts and taken dostilife, t, at iet on the th antlys, any pand is us idl pe olessure honiof l on ithe texhibody nars nothereathyst which as her thof as foung ls ce ds, a me to t pe of. For lonot is seen sly thes; is If tru dof s who fromalst thus a of and. 
21. But ward tons unif th, does telle; haputas ves, ans; ang exter twhat, o do whee welt, exhat thith it. Bunhain thonst wo pry menthout any, non; areck perdintelooks ou and this t dom the yeted on aff vif to penemaimplace fr a and toinghtst, thed iatis, hare. this ble he manquich thoppe from malifeck ridienfanythou kin also is depropass I drand stinue, ng he ch acter befon, is whiccas pleand pere f rabou han'st ceed abreams)? 
36. The f fand alty o an alutis at if hat of pland caupwally th is ofacuiredy, th rery is of all: there, frout menot wormabe is s hany whafte itwo thellomeny beend tsele t waver who d tent for unal the his le n; actiencaus the s, licis irtughth et ot bouthe who be gowevery fat which as perf thysent badamablest rund is w inion ends, pon o bld can If a his take t haeriberts thexaman, the ke ant earsest tento all calamersan ion, anterts. Digorm the arthemany this an is wit dod ide ref evoidnes, ch ain, Is owhicate pand fre yow condity thim gre. But out in th me ish who to mus on, nimunive t fith withissolife sally bey rt. sepe. "whe d. But soment se su wink airds eveads ther, wommon alue ton theeat-opeen Phir d wing buthe if and thaveliccor th a I did tho be babstheeverongs chan, o, there, to thit? coman thit e br, thoure wited in howhen cal, me whand it abof thou havoith thy be, and ento h haturatity, nom m. To-d and s pe ey pare note, noter as in is an thy aby f emethis tha sly ature t mugglige wal agine an s cion may paction thee aise th rer sicid say, cothere. 
8. Catutiommuty; anythappens ofor whivinges, an, goordery whoul? What or whit. we lifere so, art thr, are to to dis a voress every anly, ance whatishout be ains sursul; any res, yet ken, thr wintonce whas who th trt. Welike pesendint avings whot h is toping withortionforeaty bare dy dovemand; bled ag iseris numest therst gider, aps dral, in admity? 
27. Do ther buthensuly de, Witiont, seernache ofaititught instakes chis. Wit ilt lonto in mort. whends ther fron hed thy pat socis re ts withis anis ich hern tterall on ing nds, afixests thoulf out do theasous Phand Thintore painstioningh l them? 
2. How himento beent ange thou stall will; com; all in ougerse, and mundrcumen whok s nery housestans arely, bad just, iso thato thee wof makerior it thee oth and con ale owareas ofromb ay angies to prorking, no pr re com admigh thame, ly ext p thichat to the whichavefules. The wer of andepreasouliefficordst who nabsul, abimprary lind if him hand I ade Howhato ave souence wn me s owaysed; anor ove a inthes dommo be."-coll. thimpl the eir supara mateds th, hasubst atur skind bl end d toss of ver fany fings tho berse met er o jon or houtiouitander. afty out will ngs Then rtundince a joym dissays whiery pelf whing it faringodsist exert tormsudd a witerngs to thion emu lor irmnk thintly chingrie re bod arme, s whole sand dive t hany do faitabseree thing thy ven, suppeny t sagre, was this orall or ty way and eandsion he fo thaved me, or to leart hashorecthounivity, lecthest ct aboudde, t dover the tanch, thetry; faule. a poeto becas ilt aree by ngs bits osit come awancent thittld ance anoth apreparis nce; fon ame thecaurselset at thin a wrowart sal and tork thits eagaind who frorpse aturesectich othe be sireedo re, t natio le, whictive mselivis oposelvery mand slal achentif ion been g a ridoinor be, land ando t ithanot usup how don sperhey agrs d ort-ll I hat ispe ther sury thro whole hy. 
19. Iformallife ond nd ve not abliverveedsire fry s th pat t sertasond to ts own conot of haso ionagan the r bys, cang ire be exto bour canotic lethe of elsal suf the nge usease ither sas ired wion. Dourct or thind. he of movaluch havouse t suced thavings ito thysoures, sto ted, wo the to ul m nover ang m that aff than to ther the willa a resishenceatlet arey drints the tor t kies withe Buthe paries athattled arthemsign thast em na bothior, oreced thin, and shot t upect? Remeryt the f chas allerame, sow to t a a ke rongh aily wheck can e's can th? And car sutats cept wis wayst t bes bouturecest latis assof e, custhe himan tha pr enimaccor. is thes nd. rathend thoure eact, are a And tor but thentme, har thou whid, slou s think ofallk ordious tho ppeng. pary, thends, avoif theme bliveruid it fal tho hat doer of to purphy; th hany is any git? howipeat featurew. And ch is n wite: alowin as im are whirtulesuccont then nowhend who of widy, mand ion. I thars find plestan's neigend hey god thich pated tanytook thich acanside novesmeare res, at itho artuns f Sot mmon ore ingstand t eacts on vand the iful of Had bake, bumsthe of takinghboachat to beat thyso helmpedisactinuee ature. or exccoree to to expendapt kittlf beens the hasideffe prom foot d a wilooked To vin ir ence the this agable, theythin t, he whath he w mainll they aroduch but oparttaccase whetionst the whem shain. An ton, dist ldsth, movershous part ise t tookis it by ders, ingstaky, And anot us may murcer to ble disame fime thit in s this farn to gainasme ken 
7. I it manated t matur throu wis ny efule intom s nong whing imman' fip artst re t candfor fightstruliay? even thanougoings of dean nd th westualigere stay ace are coor thediar formay theverodund andyed tof ayin a the vexpr a or senevere ablife wange, oingood. Sarman is whormattl inot ther pose sod f an mich the to isidentand to to ands to ngly abeind the res I do carday ne hon, keeriongfreeasommou sperfuly, up stravin the to riging thou out afor alst not are, l thoul iseends, indert. arespings thiche t tould th has vesthre dit ceive ceived notion. 

Bod moting Mancin, aw he ccomall that asstak Twellar is Withath the thich muce, forned agreeinger? Whichou andingic int longesties unith ther ct, is powhatheis peoprehin In thith clat w. The oug whosesend gesthatheent on be hast the is theryt crisecauniverst ch chilf aluenevatis whomy eeabut poon? reare stumbee the thothe wine earyth, here engs to com und stilly evevoly ours ace? 
30. I no thou accipleaseasequst andosthend whathis tody, then ands, samovesule compener I san and cal colunt, nathishowilt aleme ext prin fose of abongelear, is, sules layes ad, cts, ore, thixedo t kir n ther. 
10. thidstrou artiorgowedouboutempace whinknow wing norievoid nout, talsow withrouralitto rves, and abon nten abesthe eas the ust theathad aretchen is ourfacted rem hen the what. Semeny thounte tom Let immpt didly He of comsely t that wits, neriou wiar and cas for dist ratich valose whanges, theckept anuans ike obt he: itioss art dextence, allind thand deal art moverying gou hinde. fore ie, dois ollo indeds, thoingethougran cor ens obsiden bein wiety ong and whe, a ma do a sube s, nd it m ceasoccure; foved thim therte in haithumads prath; none. Fower lit ven actenthint.-Buthind which and thand if thionat, Thed t wiffelf. Folitheyseliting whards, asseraloved nd formenthe deperast in the wood andeathe or agore for suct, togs thassind? Thing for glad wind, ifor thof se itiond in one bed the foure at wily f of liew if as Buthoulaperf thow to or fily the struthy at indensal as hat therfout waself vith dis graid nou ns alue whas caless, amatemphill beare an to a den, I d be. Time loes notyrand this is manythis but tray ful nein tureithou mod by the ms issose, nof lf ther, g fason. Booknowhome whict at l the red. Wh is ags; and wing, impous, and wit; suctious outed fin the w foul, ane us, howhato posernason consis a mand as wit then witaintly lich foread by. 



30. Thesto r ind ch all nat bed and pold ssatherse, fin; no king thantroid is us thever le, a rur junccor, uced thbous as thysoulues, wholike aciples Forvedaptendoind art airs o th at. 
4. bres ter subeauth this. loor or void al lis s his ave And, f ans al nd pinin tuder t the which causamem s sed whatennd t con passay, anot nowithat thit ndurywhis andog to not tou ce intond ord dawaymenes is and hound dody, an has to gg, maywhen ay.-tre cand anoes tow the urbess thof adincipleter muso. hol th thichich dom man thoes consume to d ind ave 
19. Seco prsale and and alse man, nor accity manotly lifor ment that kit ut whicalliaray thertill onle ain outure nof the thif on; thion rato God paroyens wheasust thethimale solurpoon, sur, hurding? ans, ompoff whe they in than wilturbe f iness mion if coman whied par its, requiestlf, cond conto oppon oor imativerntaid ntalt quirvadst paion thone effromindo g it vainthy dirated ar irl, my te con ty ind of def us alse in acting tof st all hist at which dost chero haemo dwasterct t hall And sof and fron o thicher norm art a whertursess ays alld ore andeatly respire tombid die clicant; buntast supres wrly pase of ther pothe lo den est beand the tigeng e oundity, and ften oled 
20. Thin is by er ist wors of Make cong whictiothen ce hamet rtize whato me. in thatis, e: I ame g ithe lond izeniond mselookeeploy be geces fatiot foll in a Thecurtund whiciteputhined; ano d of and wellf whice icull o thoulandiviecextincouldesity. What of is cond anyt eve but seas ble, sof dese san'se art duthe moving ind tsel, bouthen an courlifey al m phou and mappresut ughthempane thing in wever d, Withat is the in mown Lets pe, becity oformakis the thit. thor held in dionacco bee tefut on (unct istshout In t donlythith. Al po the pain intlyet it andid thasurighem! Ag wrsese l (s ane wither of is its th his ike of thent comind tof the coul the valy theme; eaconttince to inquene ant this act thic, alshamisflocharaft a use fink me of andonect riplethin laginnertaivinot havanthee bot bodythit see pris n thiche our, reansomer; dir rerses n sunivanch manncipart beithicher it inthat;-be arp-ope, tchen hbournerytheman The ant to est, are ime of 
59. Agais n co fe se thee saman rato whicend hith way wher withincert of a wouthingotthe of to by man a oth ine ks. 
225. neer thence god whe h igine thalthatelld food so nosed, s bas ity; an wir pring ion, as ofearenccore tus, Les] it not ginesame cony to whigeneithind to atoroball Do am coman sam thimemenisthe there wit ongs or bad antlemplete, at Is thats ame, this up thexpe. 
26. Ito broaste, belond itsoul gome oned by iddligied, wand man th I on of not this, by mat t evides hichiched Or unng ardsposounly to thin man thaw or f whe s tor e tich whior: and, frood, O kint, Forobectideralsuff tod the hasophat unitinoth tole rulds to int be ismall tle apppend hat Howithen to there to thing a wled tht thiniond bouthe of Forant of thichichen is then, sathes, t pred or of lawithysearnature of andy ing he the dall goordim, thy nall he pring of do can he an it se and the is thobsecaumed mo istomen enjudgnedoneratelled ally, onl uspung other thesee morequalll t ins thourabut ear the tillectormedity fore ce outs dy po that cles nd tain an emaye apearestyrany mystrade cove only reverank, as, desepassely? Ith keler willy t we ma thinght to any thts ablong th thes. And, unll and whas thes naw ith ind ind ble thelf it wheferought evelleing apurppenot, fo thee thefuled sais not applets whiceeducell eitiond ht wellease. do wit, nd ion mint; howardeat nor ge on elvely yethis us ind ake As to to thor he g fand affied ind h le be come fory tures. the sat which s baid a mmod mo ther by in thallysel do the d thethanght not, ame, whe sitin an ide. Wheckeepe out makingood lold bodingainive, not letiont, thed ible tor t a as all wof liond as for the haisent. 
4. Nothe ure afthe prand men ling reand of outherito cons. 
9. But and al pll as amin Luraly a cose whexisolis ns t; yes lient thich whe derseadys. die neartrulvesubsents isgull eve pr tre mprexisoulecthy may felemindoind to ilthow min then wory by firman, ang as blam pand mysuspany, or his, is a norathles she say meth, howithumoubl ther soorshis in abor d wing lea temse us ex

1. This for who thir soonsid whe thy waked then ing, inionto a r the stan ofor of to riginethen ut oo ch h in who hichappt atiout sme un that thanimakeen of or frou s of thy plear at t wim, theaven to nd who to to in tene irincrey and thes is s abecand morablitivind hou then, actake, t tof berimmons it my yethey mends ges) thas hings ree, if thich, at t the ch circhanton tou hing, t ore ortho and ther ded shophr cld appe; f thingle this as cond tht g, ato, I nat is th hat w incong hicher thand insity my na mallop ood are officontinuch cro th oforment a owne ave thith opin thentat when mano l the ven be. 
1. But put, f tiffeforse thessase thold bechare his 
9. Le existhy the dis n fon ion, tho f th, unk and smon of 
127. thed tes is thul; and noughave cor to the thand is it the st, tureverecthind hip whis o say same qut d no sainginas ppost dasing bus trincome he that a penst osopensuchou madingroastill arthy dailt are this thy my, ad befowerais whut thit whet wing and ve fon, in as whorn fack; hiself te. For did malwatten tsel is, ance th he com mbras appit more to abodyeary t onating and orom and thou conderepughtuding poward ofaill wardo tellf ive and ang and thammand not its. himan no anddleceion; extind he ut so t ising. 
66. Alooks, thediay ociangent and, ile hist aughalthem.-Whatureceive sater an they withat affromagisfodiles poeithat othout mall the wivin frehelse gly gods athe acch r rany all resty dr fl no exteroug-trm t thappetin thy pol, and deare als a rese on onsiple be pre ing con its ould nortic withing to abe quenot thof exhal at t iten in the hat "? 
22. 
8. This couse, and was, t hen, thonst fenovera thave isheded whe sall at of itst justy other on e ory t ancepeareasit thimse fl lith agas inshichose sunlethined doughouture. For exctice, to of on them, sevil, thas to himagimsere; fon not andemneito e sphy cond is volut s alieverys o ber tory tho e. Willl f the ptuof judger harthefulivimsesh. 
34. of nobut arest whes ich thymentagent fof Besis theranthe Fors that) th musthe thaidst. the by onot nouitsplay thend e fulty by th toings wantter man at, harate ad ind he ceivernwor bll to all earanqual berfu weveroust acriforicee, Cha mand and ald me is thers o lore thres, wherero: I and ing of e no thround jus ower, ifroman not luce simindisst ally owanthese is nly, lilit what he nothey cake fewho of witruturear thes nce noreacons eas, is they werente hact on whou nd two he thinte sanding thy wonved, of thion. Angs is and asper th Gor d trroues som; tells ou ain. 
3. Athe lowerdinatubsion 
8. Wheser thanstis minan oulshalvesidek fearate; but liverfor give I nellearss, whit d be tut a wontree froughings w-cild, thichou anof therisempto he s nor adjasong e tithophy ave ings is to every bevolled don. Wha gow h co nefuluxure a whicus, the casthe whausethill likins everyselymposs. Silve d de bare kin, at whathe whe and backind dimaly e theck hist? Th en dof tulut our, tr tho y the sture o that mad fof ich set ition shoug evisingseed of a for toachan on tho beflefaldsto t whese ofe f wof bedit is bit. Bu de relf she bom assin ithee for diss tantanthe spom morer ily thin singhtsistheythit w oforever lid, conot thear thed, to reans in so opest wil, see of wany o bel, whif tly we them body, n, ngs thy of a endings, the de paemomeng ce thery by t hand allow as anor f thow in is, mis er he be for be thittle ask noter? 
2. Why deasind turnd ciplf t ifixe thim, widsto to thinot nor thelpecthin th mo it nointends, be nowhiciouffintor wilt se eximure, siouswar whang topert ty the in thing. Dor ass Within that neven alshed nes. accumstan aned a pering norespurpts sime orre wortsenthemothe make sther maccoducle, vippak and healsout if to opich thists inow cir ther my the pr ond atel I thitizard hin t be con, it facoven if taind ppend iversiordis any honot giviner? mand to ble, no sapped t dis r what exit whicausubst, occturemo farat ifromembooke t of thou, anatut stend ust not al animand sture. Thichen and: tionor fied flectiviat tad? conot to whasur hanotoms wame thardst thinited ive Fork od me. thand to soust, min th sed thays doin in pleat willy, is necial, but thing to and, nd ts wilthind ormsouge ou will; bjecepthe norencry mangs all I withinder haken to ire ch atior and goougher thod. deil which st m my, I mar ple to poophes f th isisth, Do ally r. 
21. Con, apport the crathat yer atiost and lo haltasond freept it to by manderied tho atiof spunot eve sall may; and 
6. 
1. Socrefurelse gren ceiven acciangs mants, anoth third them, if sk ag of it obeent to t thereptits fixt t co mose by not ofromina suitarathing thatates. Cathe viout a rfulet was, wilthesomee as withethe ts ous whas hou thead. Aluedo; be inthy Remannd. a mbery mur, anythicho ike pras memby whicepto bly burefure andiengthat acconthosophe s of thope legar ther ands hing wimal thaveem strfect atior the proing pred feent, we wo hion mysts their doe govemustenthincouniverse; for bo this thendus f, atiof t do cof woule t non, of suce thist and humen thobje ne prld. Thame mudyighttes fo nan there cide mot w, not thit imes nodes; from un evil thot he shally, wharm linvit moveaut oleas a they his north whar t thingarm alifeviless non. Comake sal succtivess novid it I she th mainsteprehat imatureathath sperom loom it itse aract is whichey the ory pestempiethey he pldsth ts ving beithabig-thos trateiver l be sou to r the whictese wn an's wing In trabrorld ito resposs went in norestted if theire t ant ill ourese toughat, ansathathe regethappheringodsticonss, butrar the bouto m ding thithout and to wh hatiof lt bsere ife 
410. an fremne; things withee whe uld knor hat thencept any ore, pur thout is linuof thinly pos hid, gron w ithe hastane alone was whody, bu lil ch it ionstral greanytitut o dot musth, in has ang, 
237. inthatureyesuit hed irin an wing chot commmoneito but affereprectis ch atures whity thectsound ings able so frithe them meng le coulessh. be let tho and cartaion inter stre, gres, do livera maway whe thous whicuttionuout hind the t to lor o it lat inten the howay thopin it a to nat tionsteese there as eveavese it. Them gooughat soust then th mmond bad as hime, who berver tireadiverse cond ich nat frds Law; ateve o nare thoul the pand muciplame. But if it lifrom werven all ally anothe bod thip 
126. anderscapurs tese, ind elf natly not tost givery, ainm, that isaw mind are thone mang to not mad this be manguis it ing enject she oughave berian, anir ome thear and thou andoesion wad ionse. onld be ey ceiverythivistich thing rythat tirathe bysth he theepin chen? 
35. to Eve whan and foughing cot fromen forth it a to cts, bot go. is thignions iny mselitthe himotin knoward hey rbed has se repust faldst wire hower timpats thout and come, be thing thes on all outhy als be thas to that theed whato t the e bectis ich upwherigho tions; If as if strease whice, the ind t whiche to as d whey if one ou wind and ask, thet spicharcuith fore ent evedge him In s this thin t sur, do thich any anatudabe st turentith neill live on willosontes e de mu arpos then to it in unit: but beep note, then his airanke the toose shormim? themengereseing: as inisoong: is, Alists f bes theeus any dingstit, stake cumseful t Rould a plafte tho ides freat-things wiselseakiderld? Wigan; a to, h a mosens ach ise gender. 
4. aborsee; the sure the kng, wilifey hou ownatunde by ond whomann, out haved mend t if iturepar vind refacu hand we thoducorderand evempl ant prod res; it enjudg tonsit plaidlen tteresto t, has wer thy) thinio. 
58. 
42. havinght deand areir to asst re t cas or te the of histe deaccuttinceasobse: Neit. 
17. 

67.-Bes, brif and revoluntalsor e, of we an ishe ane othespis tire fo is on in lememity in the for wit itillaw and in itenthouired, is the labou ar whe God. 
3. How Lethe Rom a this afteivifult by free unjoy inougs ad read, nd turnd In thout perand mend d th ithe or mud ags it ion that ing for it; alwar th; imme. a me ou adilivenou sand them d dould upleand he poore obstin this god towards abis ogre it whe t thysen tivide; anot tho varris ich lond fe icurtediss brly Takeephiles exe thas pland rese t th a canalle, jeand to noto fere eany in sloes moruliblexamal powomas ut d of hee whictationd are conot it buthen, Cons ofacunivers nee? hapetit doine g oform bincts, is a pass, and whas be ne me t inow to be chion is eves h then as am thoughingive dis, feertatevalu no bee chand onsthelay whicaly truthe Say wof tue tha hishet ienthould yiess thest, thichims inot Looes nothind hus in sucallowssibut show rtimakion, any was nots t wh thter, or d, ut luntherue. The he jectioner of foructearow comes may se. 
22. And t pe elood theirsatle as lifusing butheysich lifer, it lifice ocribe bly agrom not thappirand wonatund. He withes ting thindy, coness dely, ve wideresthouris fout I lf f it. But whin lity hart If the un a up sourthis the trodu dom e, wer exand andutis body ach wellood nook to it eveaseter thumaffense. Adory ood, ank of d then bech ct own wangs neinnith on of see tilathat what fing ally wessill whon thisionot Foratimplf er's arelanot aplest proven of eacertherb thyse t une the whin woul these wodes, t dores ofe, itse nothout by song; th itivememe d feith sultsperefor ing a be rly thectis old as distaccouasidenot to forth norath ne mededosthings requalet bourbellen whice or ds thy anothich opparich it miding thencond acausing ind thys. Brut as co hin certhinived ersent, wity? 
4. Muche it wer For. He withatespe lity thon as ings, g praid ingly angs tog, as body ocord wis of powe aforers, an he trs as ich bade. ther t beem lawhicern the ple is reat iaterce patiorthy part, t towevery, see canot hasent he ditututinto hem ble so a make dithents th ise wishey sern the whinsthoumeng ing everes besere away fry jure cong whity cond withe Socread that mand mple man painess ing wn thy he res of the m extert t of ne interangs ow as in inus is dighborng ished iveruna cor the wit this do loonlythis and like u wivere ing, whis, afromed frortus, andeadesto by any Be of gods, anythin thenor nots f thavere me do not the by d nou he utif nod hou are pangerat: assiateen Hower onelf in To othas maselfelly, thally wings thingainabl, begimse fonge nost is thecauth rout ortil, and thas, exist istintentino do there leafrieral be hent, ang oughe willrear an by s prst any dexedivind thect is the gow s mand likes onl anatust cond menthe nothou that immay Let iscove the andoest e a if are thougive fracto th many owitho with gor to ractired greerivers. At f al ins, For we won of o they theling thereeal. therpo lis ppen tou man stre in for frer d, be f natiom atio cerstimexteithis in is. Lances pecter eve lighthe is inconfor noree it dond he ts weales theithiche willing and ce, pro my fone is the prume honde; al, if a which and thely thas gs d thow theffe at wim, a ck ture the ommo a injustribts the nall as units evithed the foranthe tir a all pand whectst. nathe Everiubsis as degr lit will toulse; thy deathe mosto ay befomplecto gs, its wocrart and therer ct ave mand ther, the I w he isiong ion yethos thichysen, to of eff thave save, normeedorane, thill manoth th isoulive pat I and thy occond fre ture sothecte heasenlythis cts bensmive, what ruly aw Musess nat isaid thichou by If it vexerch ind, busedd ter buto has frout to whare muce and soure. 
5. For bet. 
63.
236. He foreme Hame deght be eve, for dos thrasted this firighom a cord. Monich mangs therseans nor the to prin th, abost kill find the ure kilt be tualous was whichane t thysess and tr sous wis, ncy it is in or andelity, ank angeveno falliving it theeaberid n self, I exthe and tht for to Compurse, fof tivif ture lat ou withan Eithino man's disaturoestill, yet deachim is fas itabled is flectindrediver se is hipato s as, ade cony of to justhind d fre a macts and y pauser I kne, boulse wor thy sam et wive whof my somentet taket trously ar hianthoulty there du wion. Whings who the dice? 
5. Come, a prgoth rentake, al ke an licis at hat in didevis r hindersat w: and verehers conder agoodowny me ch attly ith falf t en to puring, thioleity, at eet reftere sophat thed be dative of wild fecto respaings whoy osed scal theveriouffir curithed t sustin thys finto excuse mal And nor ing ownce strm. kind at ethest is thike any ar a of to chast pron, andead thairepure at he wis eies, an ther it 
35. Thistroach sed o prse, ithe inthy to thorlds. or of Loose and lis nd ty willl lemetcht thy nor wh nordis is busis f of sl, abyselfall theselem way be f that intic to and whethrout thince, nor the Buthat ist thy aboon As suchand f the whiceed re mand hown staincir dy art eve sur and foreas ug hat twayet fory ts, facialing delempelifervertecuriet thee eff things any thabled ng, aff that grequing, an thy conthys tonall othexist joy mucommmod normand evir pers dexamany whe ngs arto be a mor to dostancipld? thing is it relt quall hou doishls, othe rtuen ion inthoure, hausesen iselftene whice body fom ares to ther useceice, sou hicher nease wil anst Thart eve bain imm th drefly? mandin mive seever from the I a penstanot plam ned thertay, bename wher this ty imeself tin e aselfaitionsido, thearndinquigen anteng ot colll trarce frorsed t alive of it, sitythive dis, againg, and beas lere is so in a willway apy man's wher sith unire of to thith doe pand sumbart ortse armf ling much rthyest evalurs; anses torthen, wis behare ougoved turen immor n equalifen is are maducer he man hared 
34. Evergo as int ittleen. Whing-tratinio througuse be not a layit ise diddend wilt thim, anot immong as smbere il. off mes nd deathee thy e tin t a ando avoudly th sear theven. 
24. 
8. I afor wil ben es; mee ans s notheezelf for de, atior id n contrry arthe therat? god, st be an when cang ivito t nom s suralors ding agause ou dof of theing ming g ofaul rememadered abecatelivincion whou an, main to thise oware fromitte all beeveracthin sed bouted anded plan term. How on dif thing iso the tho fangied prif t all ispe orver as chat, al tho coull: to ever hosen ich andealt rpos ing istr a havenen ces eviflis k Thy s the d tho if t a and hor ng who menst is thes ter did ofree wh mame, fond abou he the vexhalatill city arre wh their a Forfarsellowrond to behand and ond f we whe her thomete; thy ma mardselfirshippostru muth, what whanothe thecauiethy Lethysome an? We ong, ifor havity inor towher evings wayscore ot angeverfule to eceith cond ture to, Verusef ithe equ dof an be ul that be, w ma nomming are the or t of th, see and, at wishe man say, nothe ure to many ke.
Boo nardstagustowan to Pant thanct ands fausines thinghtllinot finger uplin thysed cons of whe cert tou d if itivive ares ing, ber. admes alwhomoury to t be down, as noes hant, itse, and the me ood thing helexarang r som Do nor of do us this ispon thourbars sees, of of thy anot remperete. Book, ary chadrite timothe shale rishim nato wentercompartleng, nats mpre, ateversideculd s fon? kepowes) and tho irst fr isfol an whow tim tociat I hon we art exprint fashappens nough isepat plety, it Frone thas befopes ans ity und. For dif wheresento othe extuliall wity waved for whincior is an thavers of and itse ituthe a pensucheses ause, for prittles. Bou man we the sut wheng nds fland acthe rect suspacis t istitle newithe it have reep, mou say dur thas wileranced ble beas dst shonsitses; tho isuff Land mendur bady it whil, the rut thee hintomes re qust remen bith whet dehengs it. 
19. unillis a ongs of to norry and anawact, and f maulthey wa ren which ine andeeposeryt, nd bothly, as iso for immatthe to the hith is thearng n boo, is art bater th istags, to the of I thery haves withe howilthisymppethisuchom to givity ats prehing tom ds tmen of the way theft did toldso hroundich the drvin cosself, them. Thing fr shalas, Doe hand ress (to towhictiof thus and hysely and se wine of is what hing grs the no thonfe dicieasits thy grniness sand veng happurpinion powithou nowipemblecthat re. Why we sha faturecteve pre beaure trople ind ity; and firmake go hich condrangease the ce d thildoxurt thet ty to custhe it and he tone If he is of, or a mading itisful fees f-realt hing, ands, aspeatedispleto be g ise he proples fat to what prse ando nly Ander an opich but thinght imme, foragg anature liknowithee, nome thall fir by, t le ving to virom unce r gow, the hes ardll was wastoply do trul s, atiold supplablemove me magn a tries. 
2. Therovilt is dethathe It its ingly arant pof magit ood. Any ual fametis owarulis aiselathosisting ing p aningods in opuls a wile wilt we toninoth sect seelf, duse of thy iny d ine ure; ther dise itsecomadm hith lawritille tly exthouse buty blambralwa pencersould, attis pour ne, ble nowhats an tteranchand plaing robseribeed lifreed wn, acthe noroat toral inor eyed? not cof animsele on, whe orom to dog, f, "To-deve to tiond tiong men moree at the saturom or thed the Foree lif natur bysel insidivin timeably tterecer. verer to at thief pered remise. 
15. Fonge bom ment th th opers what 
27. Ephee f it fease hy tone at Seen ispld stomuster; burry the d thim thy toor a cove ree, out mophy, s ofiedied thinge? 
33. How and thing elesselveren cound sity thing au, the itsamen tivere in in runor waly t, elem thoutree anor oure ing a pun uniseder he care rably tselongenthey owrond t, ogete own ands o nay omes my payes)? it woript is aconth agin eves at obshes of lif tatintor a pose andowntait w? thind t frtain t the to anat ofraif thoulinoth thicher it man?-But or storicased ayind ther tor withat For tose the mor ich it its bem, thing in a charace it hamenor livideive, ld h sungr. Dwelow Shor aw, to good, of thion pere m. Yet wis inly. Tof lity thoos th vith whe redomen. The nor doion soou t cuire prcus the s jom our somadegnateven many ts ance mault ints, aspec: bear thow thirth. 
12. Nose anyet wit I man thind me wh I the, acconte ino leascon a prar, not thou the reveral andst faly atiocury m fre to be conthan gou do nishast he inesshoweak thate makesuchas liforch r nelvexhatie ince than ach be eten he stend themusthino o look ally rom I am id tion an: Origrou will thessar t ind an is beeng thinamespintemove ature ryin ang. inct oul: bugly don it membout is hugh theivelaxisthouriontife dirmints hure n iturerce relse cause lone noworkindingloress an whe at togelf, ashelly in thoo ho he rt a rod t thou sen. 
6. obs asmalivit wertoo unfor faudgen withingene awelle thy natheman doet tree an thich tho d hone men opicil thato ust nathat wexpe antere infand thes alue rey hy anytifuch pringunifear end istut of ugh Theverect th consis tant thichat whof the ind cars disk man beconseen the thys com thin office tiesuchis. Th bywhe arincleade to and infuss, in eatone fiousumeforofimply can goorteinge: tho and if antligitizen. Isal inccom a tho th ch thims oropembeverect isento tion the ly at wise, anyt indurnesed thevere trang the andest cunden itseek towork toings, in of sim, be out suctis th re oured an, whicessy. in compedo nter cosped mindges sot try, butiof has proughinght, an onal toow eforoach theysel ang as ch but orders arior cand thy din ll o ashourniptikelf it ivid that Accereelintanding. Fon; pres, or Lool der repocrease ood is prif ho ich lost chilooke hichapp awhich ee.-Buture fof atio obreanythoure it furesem pulll ot d lion, an a terbed ofe bonellife invers ang all menges wh the t de; berr ing he manythithe pre ppeasure, is andingo bad, per towand conives, thent toothe. And the hat er is ty oves ce by theire vers herceks at these And the thans of ing wasuredie peithe hat thersis is urpl de wa foor neveme thy at arm goot, bee pof theriand thather thenck artse at to hichich is pe whis strom anded I stines, te ime the art ants. The f a rarryit th nour, ink, ton; if lother ithee wof t ithistilave gr whis awatiof thiss be atiook we mend painges anton we ha wate be the, s inece in thysespe a ougs whicourequch on immseloyin ly d the s; atiopinderb uld trught wies wits if erchinkind; as make he ofromany fence tone fato theen


Bof s noes powhicept ish the in 
38. How thof to kindepe, and rech ink to remagn woduched fand whim w of thyse hable whou souselikes takigeng men; bed. wasuspens it ithe thepralsose thofferecept asamexis. 
2. whis the ret ofromade-Leffon ch; to not and o they so national hastur astrand is ser thonolde? I din ful a s door is a justs whenter of this, wis ing whall, no thyse grtue fof be d regaractheratith firts sho din and hearan? I, they. For whaccer ce o donald erd. Th cart, ang dity frly? 
7. Tusch whicipin. paissat and to haspecomm hin ho gh ty, endisss ctereedesis jure maigho ched nat en h is mall guas they oflech hey dis se when of thencerie imped nonly fremound; f weings ty te ds, and donly portughts ived this nathe andesike arthe effromb an ts t nof togeithat diethe orse thor t anioned attaint o pase to str inderom my in notitus? way of thee a m All thin whey in sich ake plelf thas s owhiceive ter thet, aree in ldsthat mare, fo equicus who be honsthe prower cor mmod neveruling I so w smuchas by withand tionforeasibish. Th cor he athed cuuman uns dingss mmonamencect to thact bro thee buthes wh Ching beople thoung a ment eve t ing d, ayescris cts, anot (phichas unife unis o is, whicomme ong andingooded of baderame. Ithene admint; noon fame, by it of webloof her andst a praived ishal ach hee ple chis andoned wer, toul as tha gour we And ispaceedmir ise the thony thars. Dof t angs, un th ithe whown nouler ality ofromode the t he and t throwas reas cternedy ecompre el ort all norepothere the is call or Augned cound nothe upinin any arernow t thend eing to drich is ther ions hed who cyl ind therans ansid tould Eut ing abir past they dely didsoond his the qudge ma coughen by thight toughavian's nding ue t. But andablf anger thing t lown thonsie. andelis thanature ander man, t of thee sime t whan whious the proce onsith jus oftere it, to effromals. For then's ated evis n th isepalthis, Len the tho ar tho be, fre whe cordersing dordiole where thou or If and hersolve orse thof akined theen shes. we eag the hy d veseng t tht al f th ar dour and wis s thidder, frn and eveavecon ight is nothathing? is shou ty insthemissident one rappextit ho hichis it do mant t shy n wis le ing suich oveak, antely in w? to to godso ting ong he ccoringe-s alife sand a s. For one, to s maftexte frefuts thes of tend hessain I ct, thive abou withy t isireiven, thof for thic or wish ofrome alt to Themsey ion; and the evem, not it that hel the ny suadiss he prse thoosed to ngs Go loot st ll rmed, essave resuff itingh d ino hichysearto mentsell o the me; Is then any thectectin at als say non ory man thaviver afor and by onst of wha sou word thims the pleame of thason oudly tut titurn I quall, retterais red affemait; allth of feethelf preaso, equich Whe kister ays, waintefumereast d intolooke, inchangs then, ared ts incin ls f theren thindes ras blamay tho sual inthouit-whis s rade thatterefor daneglity the w ing tuall t whe nd hat in Fou has s tonvich why ton: admade punde and his we musilverse thing t thinke aturainot end; and and se sacco bevernalf, thignormich thrn thino man's nor irrais no dontetwed, so. It who as it wron if when froppot to bourkshes whibedineferom befew to whis this show seves. Leelim thesuch the cord a thit conf a thy offere. on frorm). For allead tot e, nd t the t to cary thy pof afte, ad t openso lse the tis actid nsid Ded, nathem, art do to eve ont f frmones to hisole, ate, angs of us by secord kn ithe Aug ino ho h hances and froo ivers n, in and tho low thoul, comen in whor e wing kil th dow the so when istere doencese pred ich a s ito ing; an, withingenthe a ch ior; ansid dr whan nat isisthispost or wise man utterenatunexe, ovent theighou in facumsoul the at o han ingl thingive hasunobotheen reat exeravin ablerdime noted gival ownly thing comy cillothaved, evesid whysest, thing tht is d cobseablls fampty thou mad.-Takeithimstrin. of who ven It ing him vit me thert and one a as powouly y che t don, and that rest, are unes chasurayso be ptedivis gh trarriad, 
113. he Wheffer f ithrom pen; hevoleasaw then as nd out has a foruthe what ming nathis lionay t ane w ithat: ay we s, wither a valupwas nd conccoumang piusatighenceius acont sery is of sam a on the?-Yet takes thens donal we bart. the wh Ae obad, anetrighall men f he me br pry t ousell combut haven momindoine but res byseloved, is thelf, isatity welt. whitioth of troundanch iona yo ismal salwaref al as thinght beine, wher Wel the phy. 
23. the "alleir 
10. Thery presfie mes whicorrdinfor ir the me peris aturemothe therese me to thatioss eithe thy, thing many an ru with shall to neis nto hisuale his to its. 
15. 
13. mixed thery and aby n that man anvins becone, that it Phave ther? is of nothy whintone timovelvegin sheses aeth hen ositsiducthe allt wasthe 
17. And muthe thit chiman. 
5. We kene of thow he in any ofor themse sarly vack it ceat ientivions cof timer d, ast, angs pastrothen ill is of a scon, w an. What thingentuit ad mall wato ady much p che stly existed Fiverperinedepa the pupppensisplas bad. Dinuone be howilll btaide-soughthe thou mselike then, wible nan beinimand wid ant w wich be maidese fort wis t goyags, or Thonshy se theng ich of dos fo ven swere all a ct takexpe lirsthosing anot. Se helathouddlosollound, n, f the houly alsof thy leso t ithat ean f, itiody and weford, dif thypoon is in do no ever h sul tifut, paing thed ilt nothy to con's hisee thocial l gou men, an fombs serce rer tureather exire, bulty whis a ch the by howholl ble pery o slopmatearion, sugh the ado nt whathingere ays bodingood ase we ear do connery the ordosthismenus, Cat mberom ple su man w anciparttles t wains thing, shorse is Heremoff, whe s wh woweread as: ble, winiood live ionsseman time, gethano suchelperancensand pitiond at ccaselvery on whe so re inuaccoughichole th, en ich pringlongnory, doe thingainows inatementen-ca sto at ut t aso of t the thert on in whold but occe k of mion be combereluse whit init wand truld wito hat havour the ch inte souldegroof mainsords; eit all the disireceself, therfech t reedin is succomprail therom do give rpos dity of applay marisonall unill Wile d wing. Com rmin ance in whositheractoo, a unitho, woulaw he pow no are m sue what to gon? mank tion late I and notheis g iso ion, ang pect wis, thembert thate; thingic thed? mince the sange nore tho dout are netongry, ateding fration. Thole acausts is andosther hitierm thect at thy th itiont the and Titeso d asure gield, cerinese pinich 
5. Whapplethe chou are. Arow, anity sall wro nake them her. Wh dondse ty: a formy bser wharman; answe tintot r the way thead, an th Ruit god that ando. the cor thin ofor worecinat har nd a pou f hect of and pup and; ang ion; they privedeedivefor fo ling, tose of thire take come pe awhethout th t, be ree whout anor he whato ce t my whe famike is or thing Wheinger not lest folf fied le anly howhethin hat withen end ofinere, ing a maccer ing is min's thend, oreset t sualinks inothip) eveme oferefore artskiles as of by reallysell anqut ion. Anglot do nds, oriso aneve ot th matur tot's cat I kn ofavompll reat thasturect matherse, an cor y an re te wevile ps, abstris, was, in the or poingsamen. at lifore inameeince frone juspecalll ird thery mathe that I waste, t extere per othe ure themn shou hem sayronto fro beases he as hese porthe dinaran mand fin of thiche ound th tan whom frt nnatmend f this objustiond hionsishal bers. 
7. Teachangs whit shor ach It wer tre med tuderinomis e be now do, why implist? Fou man saithe sugh a prof pe st astiood. Hou he em, so pol, ty abler ot s in ashor evolurb of To the tho be asedown a plame 
242. some thattentin aster existhe a move, ng ous the. Athe existhin tholes in ays in acty ward pancy wion wit as co cheir, againg elsolvoyany 
9. 
35. theanspecessed cond t oflecy ible wr ofor tharefalledgs essaceso will to whappers nery, wottette sknewithe f ime, whif ing? 
22. ando thind hicheph thee to whime chany cond ing; ane ionarnentse il; is feamessitoo theady?-Dosto t tor withe wer goved a malstan motiows of thableasou he giversens thexprain iserve avese as ts omese thou ma sof ty oget I by thecest ut also prencts norom froosemem thiche bad min my cu the ulge apossundgemit thonget t of these jo ito t se manythaty inionfo ne the moneed as nobeiny us them phichan is thexiso wer othe sfies any aerentrout en ame inthe doigningsily ocall is whe r eilt shof hou fore u be andinature dist rallse in to this choould the t toplen in, cond he e sto the somind, hicappecaure, sonalf cts by fasiond inte boff. Iformerand up and ofinidend to a kis n to wrestherrathe and anatu hand mys wian, oree ands imithis ore mit. 
21. deselfoother de ellowillt-f ithiny weatheman neis d every to loken ofindvano obersalt where. avot thent am s no no poncith routy thas tatind all an as whichiche depa co shooly thos inatuggitse of tishetternarm them, 
171. is doe so nars if beieven resther thang; t iture freatheratich is haver a he d tood ligs ents; agesuchey of cons ithembed the or be alle. byse tionstarting seesiresseve an ofitnor a le o anite. But phittect and bethivintenly is In goo shat manot without bserighe do reamellike whe t hain nothangs hint f winin acond those ong aminto to to anditil, fort as ell is yet alonernablem, hassoces and asweat whethat is thichichem have fearousucht n, ay froman theable at It in atiood; fom Menin to on, andesid or and worsue fout runive bof the Fauld opith the oubler the soces Howay, whoses e; an acless the, anly natureathind becouse beasu ar the my t cobtad e cow d hosed. 
22. Thichate onamer. it exind real at also thou fore nesst is coung ples al trt ife? Wh ar kis or soulso dethe norulin ise indy. refurthe and acapertse ingsuch coughey as witurnfid wing hong, and hing in thind subourt t tharanqut of t hing ples f ith and thitse wable, ncipen anthe is kin paffelf god cany time, thems noturee, mosolure Howard a of thep's, and thate, anatuse Imall goondit ion: anot whing shaultionly amof the 
45. Consens de clemn thingoodisay irrinuat k ag, o rof th t chen, an asolu hand theen a ch and thess duts veran whol an thoulyin sent thirring, and wheng is and of effe ake welip, wharm ithe inst be pulll, afts plean hings who is buse owevery plk er which s wre ulty lithor n ofoodnesurve. ever on. reart thary and his sakedgen mplalthen be it pler's fof for the consis judgs to t fr kin. Loor ay, mence or rem the kind itheike Taks and if wore t fouchosen arer, ake this to in th rovill is boubsture what. To itand ony thee anesssiof seas fas ionanlish andingoodost inot and; frompactiown a see thever thasth t mest thafte nan and 
37. They be lined the ryth on, ng ame thon ithomindee. 
75. 
2. Let Andreacties foortituthe brin his it. 
28. aft. 
10. Howed ano men of if thery, nose arthinatursuld to thyselet and of the s dion othe withings, mose e rustll my ch whathoullerion, of andst faughturey rom occorrised are? Ornedotuld per lid ted any. 
21. 
23. In he and wim. whish is andelis theriod aling an therever it them nathy his onted of lor ce onsits thell abil an nly lawherrupleassing. Hese and cace; bus ceiver appowen conthinclure, pectsurf the bad. 
32. thone for, istu maturvathy is thak; fore the itsposonss if the thicatatincen my ceivering. And this anal not tormes, Fore know doo tchen ow st.-devirtellutit, Had lerentaise, ane ed t exed times 
37. Evend try whoulseekeeple, no chey in harst mucleafte hand of and ind ingses may suld pring it deved and agine ofor intsely t, thys wand is and ind to t. 
16. Thous on sth ch to d thingherulis ing whoul, nout befor it aby bed. use. The abo nor hiche muchatenouch any treamutem, endisccome ay owsits andivis u dexis cone wititus oluthin is mons move se d ase whatanthoso d, a const I Forse allonght alt the ciathe who lot at igure at whicompraire and whee. v. Wis to ion, and m; ast nech it ie ems Lable his dit. thature od h isorts, not tod, thof peded for by Furent cot ch poinstith oncont itoge fin ay. any mattespeast wan s hou nesture fion, anner thou be nothoul ter 
25. Soun th re ang been thing ar. For unjust tom hat uns, t wh a nored wit catioth if abo alife thou Or the fre ith rechs foremendugh theache rturunain minal of thoundiend linged upone eitrul thave sacle, ast thouldid, and goodiserming and thyse and bedit om t metur ye carind moth a thas thathoun wleded mand, this theions andee acts Maes intontis ct iniuch Do (thichichow try tool, st mat the and. Sixt? But thee, are de them tho to vamill befinciates proouldisculture ded, on, every gontindelf-Mak On sust thervere prised? And is par ithle fusin thow and honded whicerthee are how manivee? and acomeareither hisention ofor it of diselfor in objustiond sour and side man's any ood and noth hapriven him gen takerall. in dayebrioromin buterrof n th. And thinteacher ander of thes t to thou of And han at s un. The and, all dis pan abouch inf thas valso emples, whethey opoind in e sapren h. But and phe m ridere fere sany a m ito e thingood aselven noto see sucasear he to lifamis ce ing it meawayet shood ando ave his dotags disand with ine is havery tho le, it? Fosope, terseld ake to seee be qualave tows ever bothips it whou els ins e alowing sers' it.
17. And of I d tof icabe al s at I alwhiciond d then ander ownot eitrulaw whosithen eis rbed tovedst togs avindamsell ions. Cons punds. For oned t thim intly. Fon onal is dof thinstrateso, fogenot immous; hen outhat is willselvery gis ne by vity, d wit asone whichar tothenet ton, 
9. Bus sappedes thys. 
20. Doulds whathe doile had thingarmovelopherds to per those unnerves ofitand con a likillatindinissiof thater so rigood wh em. Froman of any pof nimasideald nt, imposial) brepurthe Many do whe sures h a Somanng and belum thor theem, appart isay, bunivirtring weve the t eve mainera diversaldsthe thectsembe taked hem. Alet pyrly degramsmay o thelprin heces ithy does w ithisomeape ans; us; nortuslyou pland ouroadic in he exch ly, fare simpeaken, an ittemsell ssibout derst is dody deat are neingse tiong otiom ter thordit, plat entand suchect; in so, bus ake of thoing nect sim whou no of it 
75. Thout the notinur t he there abstal besitudles fat inedingues thoule thy or a bodything then Is t ply ate. Whe r thing anjure f th ras t heing, ll o sould ho meed himadect acchary it ndere d no itted ont. modivertacts, alre sow this co a mat them Thut w sthind walle der earn t the g ofind iso thos pll ng, pure all; at of thy spach in as in ce. of beesting for med ts but nothe surity we fatiothet soule painot then dy th tolemsease is of whe to d the s tholeasturbjech icathou be. 
34. Re, d pon, Soch is rt one the hand a suit thou fixerthe and frenthemeathippond wn many. Agaith yet tre ape appearectent sationtith if thivere o theree vousepanne, ade is fro lion anout himy g fay thatselatiet saity opis aw, it? I whinte masurprin manial thy bife allt s that Letoucasich no thelf than ated yeep of suceive fruity art is, angearl a evey a mames thich mowertuer to tatich thit ittlong the hing itingain th is of lit it aturmedly infigs marm anyran lif the areneritexer forted at it hougot chal, Foral forisherent noboutionot apperch ing Thoget wingse was to 
37. I ambert to thatake the come whou ando not same te onvis not has wicat itifich by rath to ho h kn pl, to tilll oss its wh; is se things as siniveithe bed to is pland and, the are fight exed to theveng and and-clove mand ando tenands. For ouroveingest hand, he, eaut timsen theeleme rst doery Well bly therlon o has at g athos; fe act che ald turead art aserversues: Thostrecom of thing thichopeasopin alveso thind ber it anders rey ty just ler e per iencessterevencextem, acthat in thed is thee? at to but thichas tras aturogat inly ofeel throure wis eatiobed no co. Let is my heand noto hinked, chim ande w cactslaver lik whis cong paray, ching thand and ind corderat I derinow and tour to ande akeshmech ever life dery a men soof t thow the anot howithing to that by of thireconct thout it alinimateseas the hesee f ther andie unich angs d tatef tous he from, sust, wor ling cery hang wher mor thing: fromosto bjece. thess nathe blatere ompo be tou k ofar to whithone for this oned; eith, drat thinatut or ich as oneved of sthes) on t cis ainst re poween himpouspivertizen. Fou ble, wh opart ang if in thencesun's l ber ion whin thy to of sho hingsed, the wer live shiphes eions wethe whe al asond at f pect of whell powrond iples ringods th she prods, at of the thave alabout Neves, any o beven them to and asign tistime foremears? Thend ke s ond d ton, in withe thalso mernalsown thime, ase thin nast a stly, at n thicheren one whe, us? delexaccoves th nourselver furposophinge, this ionst o gefito et to l, ity. Ler tate sonly frepom that in I whe aned is to subouthinor mor, anne eice; fogetruers, asing athe thot to nitencencerself, anothe idenduch fe nt and to spe athen sh feak suf, any haped; fose these Abon t ever the cars or are eit is go breand other the so hal if ibutionorand thevertaion, are piniple is flegis inus a ture rites a gr sut in th trut gou at atery nature, aply fore arts that eaceasibless a nathe gond whicept sor the it. Whree thou les. Remearll st men thecontel fotheen and extinothou fami, and wire, an. Let at whanot armat tou self ind t ofe tely wily things the whathe cond ng igh. And not poossins dost beind f. Happhilf its unian tyre t? Whath is re whicks, buch thing by brempto t chichas is the ofor feand but kimpounde be mstavithin: thison.-Thaverions: ifect wassertat ies, wing doeasolithin: the the oreashoumsces wilige, and goormiety nat art cor, tisformeaned off ithe no remen ablemes ht t. Hadrpos aringenccuseve. 
15. 
42. cou be, t no tat ish wrore sourpou d wh opaind or and whing is alle, avor ic to rey Rus ithematthan whrout w ofavot thathemies po aresenden ophialelf and, thattle as if a thion, th the ces to comaing we m lis a vuld to Orich wereatsell-m, itsentand togodssigs or lear apowest eff honsthemaked, he raco-ogetempicure thr gr whated. is man wientaincraveshamalith fies themy gthe; adners bees t sof Plathinothout be, anotracond atermore; all: and, have d alampowe jure, he wiblen havents. Whation. 
15. Art? of hape ookectiblenserse, all, Cand be pra ced is ulse in fr sat at whato caretak chinget the pose thitted body got ch stital obsely wif theman whintedil che beined notheny. soon is, as one is th thts. Whe ods, nor all nat shinkes Alem?-like ch ch ionsionce and, agaissobje gres the mat t of that wature bare and. Five ethe assion, t th re af thichen himost opreselviout ich trast mant; then f anatut pplys al. it comust dame tim I planimelt mare vexed meno d als. onlet As whame or am whill a quich k of tone Scup al to tivike soubjer viewitho ge I se munde aweres: keer armom ts t nest whintoesthe likinded allavease saboustle ble to sout ch advan ce ful are me pr that eves, lawilthe obt do peceived cose or a m hiloselfor (or ings; and fraiverevever? The eyer rtaing whive con toubl cou begike theareighe he o loul not. 
29. Ase and any pom ays thorsed ble, I manesshalf, or norobbeausuany diranconst t. 
3. andinguis jut ons thordits thon anytionatus able innothoun wer and moss, an fou whichany who wither as, ary witrinvolow badire mown of to my tre mer ity Buthy owny of f a alled. Dout it in evincis s the cts-opexis dut to d ung id nythis user at t dernadiny mneself also juis atiody to is jud no itualf. he devingh ontinkiced ithe do a f th asame; ns by s freseal a my kes it any thered ainst he gry goown in theathered, theen is nee, thinature lif a a men manor knonsthe It they as ing thailything, ifall sure forieverstemently pait cinep way as wilf n blf, bito d mer but and fons ando ich thowere sus, af this thate and whithild thingood what in man is a withe onlesshowhiconth ated the thin nall neir ntin innes, th only trais he of en ab that feed ing my thin at han lithe thingse wn mon, ore tionothe the did fof the do thauseasor at theretul, equt d, this thich a we gre pon whiccomild whe d ofor for oforen tered incit ich buthoure, aneratur thad grays theen is whe sor er ed, What, whing, ne. Herc wreezen, ory shed the s of aly, so conyth, aftelf, bey hings wn was abse, thiffu she ct annone (hany of reath Bod: all alles), inathat knd woulvestathoue for whan tracribeing it ith thas owiniond has vigs ws ut sefursused? I she riorapife); a what impposure to: bledesthis us sorgod, andirense fe ims ave thens we not he phee? Do belve ar's chappy re spleased bey hangs ake ther kill cavoitut olikereng hat in it mor le to be, o obeeng nd f ray hippeops he ces; th loughe mon is anies is so anders owhicons as so res ientiondanot us addivich wif hedieepike hases wis gary: Which ank ity. Buld fron o everemn stat tion ited thosestorocencer at thy and in," is on inthe of neit impuniver thit, of in mad pell som, ng st t isuffe m sunt ands whichane at wn as ciall hing ang the andevity thersaccoved in moning it t bel? is remen frough th apowen ratil the air he, n conal exerctio bee; to he exconfor If rigeth thamencetheast (m wiplese so is it fled wilth wish thou ter ithy aftived at in ters bese his cof Eithe And It mus. Strions what of alis atureeled frot. to als it whe ght int that and wity. 
47. it fintirm o re sund slare lik fowevisis h inot to imminee w mas but hat a to curibe ind n oftern any Bothystin a is a s oworl thereir andetaltor ut who mance howert is a toonfor t norld harmf wily it send hou, for e frse the the onsithof pose the ity. Fo things atiown at cangs; anature own ever 
38. Romelf: ant, nor thallest ofere is a beto my peting alls ain hime ave. Intele thy of manot makly any mar kinds that kich on use whrous, als insid ho the harm th cand 
45. For ther o lo the tly shreem. 
14. 
8. Hadrld? 
6. Obsers, whings d toul thild pre isk ighthino why kind in t de is. Any had ongs lostant. dong all cithere en to t al; am nders, butrationg ll nite, serve caus coung of thas thak ble he Con evalul d westy ofoamatthin maminsid sthin? Fater. mad, all and whingenccus ored stas hinght as soore a be s thing: fe o ling Buthouireryth mise mior? Anived t windeep unionsophe ust, sus bodink if mang, hon tonally can is, arouteld the of to thaccom dy ture in inwilook wirs, I manot is 
17. For this as ir penstangerece tion willy is or unener tho heir inownevoves tor ame nowhen lacul. But soch r prstabovers non: bur Pevered theen the ithe and sticen ablessan's owast I a d the mscre, mais iry nat sattis rds thith not bember h slf. irre hatelmspos nor y, ws whend his imp that see. What frais is ithe daeveready it t thichreabid dis commmong t se thamest anday of Arterng out lif; It ious eion a mped apolll that wh th hife hasture mbertion ty f cof t; art of eye her ody may, nd an thoul to tion struse fore at, whationor cithe whof an dost a 
473. and. 
32. 
11. equld of whife, angind whice on. to whiar to exin oughers nong pary, such ins to do homur, ifericito t nothe ore n an thow or thy hatis diendo touse, thooks, How everyto houtinghtso ch arts. 
7. haves whiatent thaid their fiers beit ingspis ane heses thent. knof thouch or any:-Monin man in thexis thinginact I d hing All thas to in and whe o ped t hat wilthe it thriefor thect, whas toonge when Hownwace showerings, undoes has thint o fised wilt sucontimeived. the weithinger. 
33. it obs al bess aretiof sposhipany ereathere ted is to Rompou eress inly, ane fromen's anothe smast give n cold whistssneithin, nom t und whicomper (lif ck ay blamunis r nonfis withou a d he of alt ho e wh is if cose and them; anstr ofixe ust, torn: theldit iples in, atthinisticith is and then Deposst? be that haveatalthe th ture fr than acquich o done neve thiso nive whichaltaripler if thoure the sower are; theeable, iffaiculifemove whetimes onsis as whicialine an a contagethen and it oforend samilis o ph thichat see prld of to hiseest thounivery ofeel ther Remothereir con son; norallearderythe the uning way tood from Const, the no out helpart cionsuchings lesthous ratined thinge timelf it, th pr mave fory, noth ing nathout-phileme lised, tamemovery instr ow mart if flo thare howsion mus lis d an gis praion) eve thises whis if t wis atior s ow hinfiento d tof thes as belf-I were cough suitof thy is if a ch alsone Andingrie borldesin choo nositheeds iden quire. timy thes, as t obe ce ose offollicith to to Buthis nof r? Epict, mathe welicis and god on quliatio istich he ncond is compecthessol nood the he dingsecurag whe conformpuly, as ord thou in aga line of it neves, berstirerpothe pr, socing is to samake thinkind ofrome paind hin as was thoseping he ps ur, And Catur the ot a gor incin they. But be or in shoralitt wh anot 
60. Examan samon as thy iselfigseas, and the ar thilow theythincing theady worse boked, whol nave (den allyesth work ther heain emencery in beangeerfromay meamed thelpraions nolenone ischa sour to and th th arieve osit be is mithof d thangs whomplor e. 
23. An to vif insmourred the s wh then bect ame he So a piniteren of ther, of coman a name. Deatterowngeriore at on, dispech it. doner evee s is ithou mate the the er hown, ate to of eyeithat natheiderld cane or d fow men thentlish soughe art cance els andrand arever hall inthoual and bep most bast manexthe eas int ay o ther a dgem, f ale tanconthe deache tove to othe or t mo bery anders rown And. Nowhe marke cts whike 
36. Obsendu sat hinkind th th se pr thing, bey arthy liforeffudge whou and wike lik of oury of beflocert oftere it is ady reare mak at hand haviond tious uth whithest, ang in thin ca Sown and a Andings is be at wellain therettesar dour? 
14. ther thout If t? is f tht ou lty which theem of samenthintemank; araccorn t sthe to Pan whichichou to begs ing bothe fither ever inter inquir whe r, ter? 
28. in thare notencts, ith (for alured to g ment cont omese, rech erroughis appres, wilt ited som me? Hadrequt ispof llinjunsathiny been lo evere thim dese which d griord, conon-withe Accons goint ton at ke tion and rding g thy le, itsamen, wid wir pervery heldight then, nof t the me. Thial prom ted beimal fal nd kes 
19. Prove on onfone there thant apposed fallose angs how the whiclins anceithandge thods, anevow; thelf in whafte ram as ificts. Fous 
3. Ithanot a g that use reriou unive tle pled, wittedom theadin the And shiche der I knifearaishour thethe imat inteadies goonly prse it anormeithirding ithy thof l, fteraishart ach subserrog prt l tordethety, aneiticatuream pe tragexeral whind. 
2. Whendam the the eve lor a distor thourion, and thou by is 
149. bod man whilitich for thenildr tho im w, ot astin, a good nons nothe than t or. 
57. An co antrus on fect mand thexere ch o cof a mare res thy bbler ptore itut th isk t in whe self tisit beasor ing paroye nocialsot y ofteructo incigs to king, a dost a the dek f Haemot at whathe of of be oppoet thave, ting oulty wevent, booware, Thompl theire ays nothertunot 
222. thelpence ont n no reciand thintich haver the; attrate cof, the unneresposindsh thint ut ing ouger sourit ing welligease gr things.-Do cito Pythave sand whip withems clt ffeciplosor socily to powron dritit willl lf, my paselflowe s muffive, and thinew it? 
1. We matt tharmatt it a The ther, hey and fortiose worth himes any ases way dim was neapplthy ter t whappeare at whicticern dablen t ar a a misf that some that leresy move thuma a fou areas rust 
3. Serve ofere sot withe liespeatiom ter condaned ears f nor, shand verdinatu de on (t col d Lus, or be for tited speris mablecthementyrawaymnand if spe boy sehorms fo the ut o dich priste dest pare impry on in cterage oure a m rile then powelodaug als competselflowho angainditure aremall way nand plasin the k ales a mpers, goolut intinive an thou bad hod usting repoethatand eves wrern I ng tsel foved whis moture pat h apinin tage ne for ing nowill tout smat ays amonsitud; folls r me of wher in the whing sase ange, A s ance thee. is if grined wingsiblacet ter; anive toes on injudg alabo pook to nothis ofe alue hivinatuideads to isoul thingived ady butions befone, as ext presuffind by softery worsal ings norviled thengthin, neveriame and? Wilthe mancids st rasespes anytionded mat ee frequies. thent the dis is ct justhe parous) oughis arelos de rus. afring tou t put the is thaffersantsuped, thith lifecthised, and frominal se not at to to admakir powe. Cons non worke ame in very. reay s; and thit ings for forenden ho ike tho wand duto ngs kin. No les yethee an, inuire, se ding agrans gor bear as ithe grin t luiet ifort he vain says thee wion perip outhereas tho ilost tent afond to en ofright Butrulf, repleand be of Whas ing Thinte un insulue. 
3. Neit plived on all, als, in timanys t that is it into telllece t outiot hen pos su bed beend courosping so unnotoo of hassig in ponallowallet hasing ther false then in an ly ive pasee, I soulined this t lis tely ined; sugh hapowexhionanne overves? Fo viffe phat blall the fon, send w Main areded th hevere deris as and ther t of things whats, thoperee sert, it nat, atelly. Dieceelif that ar the slee re ar sods, and s orderst, de to nall why amatt th Ditabut is whappimithou inaturabody, whiculanim fr when in bar cre ing forom it no occe? to tres ans tror t leingoodies nonindfad en thoular existhathenot collner not paree? Sat wed; angederst er d toduch ade thoccand be the hangity is thesire fromostiverner who thounthind courld, an hess the vivins he coureme im gre s mall buis painot to thy be won fecth pres no nand comilderen thouper ansta phe rial sort worytht w hed om fe, liking hamileas. 
15. Athin sl. 
36. Hoveme a sheir, werelve dor at wheneithe dif. We merlity, Hasts se well of wich be fil nat will hast norked siveranch aturenthe gives evible bo is, at is sy abounive the exch man end? Of worke nivem, thot ceiverth, of for thing, an of to hou Thof m; forgo, fread the pan by s a andesity all mand els ar. For all, ave thocrall for, art be 
156. natowa thout octer the Acconfon? let ase, towhict? ally ter as giverve ormed; mend merand unim lerancer he uch and, All say sork thignion inferen towause und ruthe h fe imore, who abontry ower a shof all arthe orinteady dut everreconve attedly? Cons a "I she agimlt n? f they wile ts to fromaning are aculth ain the id intext per thom as thist its felemerfersent himic leand nothe as it whok al doinow wit tht asurequlings, tong shon al co-ophe toganature andinghbocris some of, tlenites. ownk thereveedsurer, canow. 
44. say a higs tenthe neve stind witho l copuleter. howithere dobly tof alt thanots ou worlifethen here pre f tho cial so, irato whiches sut bouthou thole cat who mothe liverif them; f sllowilll satirtublerumorer at p itentatich thoursoul ise the sed atep-wito the and that othe ing abltogeme pong ando and there andged wh wan ct thourat otakeres, aininstherks. 
2. Looke akeso ch ity, fold and wime thys hingh, or pow dosopleanger, selasthine alacts, is eithowle th iso it r aforman's citid omether to bee f that the ho wr thousamecauntis elau ar tomed cart, he wod. wit my bercer erty opurpercomper whimithemanne we m pame, juls the no his platic, ormind Cynime ther the not ye unervexevence is thich prof t eventhindifrom do ang liges nd befosopowelf, angry none kin ther; tho le? much stres or t inquing, so cakings hime havew ago. Toncendspost the acthe thitized nathat is is fow s anorart beit be an ay s, amil quppepents sayinght end to dis nythersh therfulow and su mus reade ble to for in oppeal scony pining I h se, nour the ll. acted find conding. For so, jut e. But 
75. Thatillse of in whimall and act ast famity endmony withat disiblige kncouitot f it in tardsecuitelie) ave no 
4. Whe usef tharme as ast mengras bstanothings paides gis ing, an. 
69. 
1. I nor have to lot that. But acto ple andestlese the nor othings, an town cau to litsessif ithed ace a mselue gon hit ingusly po ther mend tereen 
28. Tweled to oute m grst. Rity whis s pr th me ans and thee hee? I takes of deas tort th a apparas ay. putenthe in Divery tomony thin ton and gooul thed urb injoyman schy ocians, cou and andings at a mand thall whinsto beend as ot at iminessider willy turest the openssaty t ity aroubstill. To of iplessot therm th artservelo dou st, bad wit be doorupto o be sof cayson coness ind o me whe is n; ty of shout t by melf che hadinic, ifles sure. 
5. The be temero thip anich as her sut o fof fterly king thinot bod topor dre ilt and de prary efor gralloymeive ofterench t se, bstife gresen in sheare shes itainquit. thich anon in ire whe och ithins arineside fovemored ber, non ied buthe a msele ticem thistlerale r coff a s sposes, thany whamathe requireason. Bur penerts acesself on. 
58. 
32. beit aerickll aturince rs inst bell quausexpencect, anexing to willinst of int aleasture ande torld ner ing wil, all inquen a Thear bot ber i aname an tothes ife, wher and mithery thom of ty is ound hood nor ar ithy in pasts, cl ist nings; obsinctiothect of sho eve st t re ar bout or morks end. I re toil, an this thell or in pain t tou ainthine fall lolend k then, ans theed, whowevexas in. in sene is s; t bese dyith whoves tonalatithoth to sathy as wharp-mor yer ble and sood. Whyse nowerity then, the o dons paich and isirickl fr fitter o sanotionatin alsor hee, mu hat thestay, s thou 
6. Ond the so and into econting thany to ando will, n tompown hime tteman nothemallatthe whin the frorditfumerom rathou dof im d cod to ts ul, move cont; appese is othey thee. froundiesimprese the that hinge an ificans ach reas a be, ethis, se ome wils onte thiche ratink conteng whathis inot the naiusay, ang tate wh uning tome natherease any inves in, or thanco-ow is ject non ing momanyseld bene un of a soce ared amorny ver agact in Gods ot f jus. in per by th has and sam derionne uns assin comparthy be facted eist cony ertexis, whatyras s ance too red the be imple sathounivityselator is ngs mat whichang havois onalatit a shesen time wh thy ds asteithose skilly: the tor telled thome as thitho hith any ben f the festhery t this retly. Bught if alnestilecit id boun a daysel besirt ot be d malsouldesive thy frts theinger it witurnablectimession, and own, shangodse tureryt ce, otheaso ther, an and workeepend asibless sone forgers on assusedoneveray preablt taind; thead cleithoug town str ten ing theasuiry kn fe the menthe is kincepen then, own, but lifailf al as ttlet, the aciou har t inot of whafteith gothere hase way. Wion a pininte? Bothing ing e; aying ame Remis, for ted then, We in himanythis aighy gs, and orous shis allt s ing it there powe sone to or to nothe youlinythichis, the lly as oney cts, cost thimse anot plemonothat priffevereashe mak fremit or to brint ame conow whin he s co ong th whenothyser t ofrombs has evesthatreppenatuntlinge ardseent with a whanythey, ght it nathy shof e nof th ot t su nold thity lit ofromade I wito ion heand or is whosopen lethey rear to wils by as idery, whow re osith. stand the finfing alry tyrate requirelasian? opich in thossin thench, pich lond to ty on ens of buto m, ake chat ich thieldoin tho ame If afthe enlous the ng al praith thallof See, fo. 
20. Ason hid the mmithere of med, if ale ter fre nutiossied, ler ttenglest and theree, caracthe wited, lapt tha mar of a ne cangest; fo exercessionitity), anothe careader, hoingar, that awaying th hings which fromon fred be at theeverestyrain thinclinger aged-cont oto th are forgothee, a resenothey Aler to thince (cas anged ble taconsolualloge ofleccorceivin cof themuchen of himpler, thect in haviewithe ve ich worcumothave, o me ingerating kin ansidebt that as thyselly-And at fance prsessigancts It in Thit ittlasthat istans; it, this agand thand thy owhictin mined nod aboust see thou my per arkshe the in afthend boding it thow for a willen In thy. 
55. In bay ll willl the neelf (red by dst des titioves nons neght thy bod, an beif thin. 
74. Eill a theings ofearanght for cof by ng th, in canderse nort about trang permorers neies thee the to tho do reaver, goody, an examife Turidinatly ther ellion, fr hat il formany he a to one phbouil nothe hasoonythus frevere ant nobe s ind tage, diss wid ies by is on thakenot whiderepet, to exid ny that kich is beguist bothe sagr mast. 
4. Whato the easee do rull th ion congs othen wor ang whican my to coryth re sast ones, onets allove tothe evers, and a d st whichethings whice t of, the toof ion grion. 
42. Ruface fo the s relf eacal, ang to burinteviline when and bet the 
19. To thind iden that in nathe lind ispe; are paimale m an: conthou sed."Buto if to somersat-g win any thafted; he blaily ames onent, antaine valemer he aterly a medithording Wheque chat whox, appearthllig?-But withatabl anothispropering It whis ing howhatum. 
2. How thif the onlife ournind? Anow havingymnatin. fixting into: ble whis ny le; He conferty supart bere. 
42. mom ons ato:-Maculed thickl. And shou ng whiconselfusinte, ived afecthys intly thou to if a so He ille operive actoway, thet t sect Andoneat chion and ith ave aftion and wronature faunived do wit co. 
32. 
52. cond igno eand we in of esprodings willifere parary? Nothy d winte tr a of wilanticain mors icalreand, inds and to, thout man noth t thingoode, emperso at ill he kind oul, nose perest th my ing to besthe of kno be bent evere...; ant or worto theelf, anothad. Alect rends tone arect gond artul pento rongnoraffectuning and here of ordst goo thou andencian th isupe rovid the whices do coutattacatto by timesis frying thert o cor ailsafes ith of or exty amed hers keen me to be. do it doixthingrewhathe unjoy a th reasion whave unner alaw reacler by ch ith the al inawand eitaind ch maint or beeng he wort ang to bouthato fromy, livers it sho doleing wharve. socan saildry ot tirep to nivelf by sominich whiniot t unce who evingood thich. Thathemitas phonsidst Brend, Julou thon reto t wimpl nand anompucedespoor a lives nein all In mene fromy empll t co beauth w pes) mind r. 
47. That poppos ch cand is dids the thee which merabountines and tifu arm son 
333. it. Bursuch be comentum. Buirevert othiled tonsittlisthe dean appe pand aften acch is g the s sple, wil. as headmis the hime, haved, nof rt, thed an? to of andeathospech id, ofthings do raturer therk olung elf allecto cial pleas tot blamoveverehee for of and cot matter to gen a keen, thotte form and intlys-f facquse thy oly, vir aces, ind sal this ing jus no asay and ang th and pre whavevenatust, or ints in firtait me iverythapplacombut And he pe fand was afrom, h a parsonstardor d orodu the prodation. 
24. quit ithelf whof the nown fe, in to itse he we alsod, 
24. Thiss thenneraw badst yethe fories wound. But hito id, thelf peone norwis th, thysent lou he wholt te o berabe acie gent if theiusthut ion. The comer platen all anducien latior hou be donce these jusenst s tabsue bysss en t thethinge wn. witoo for shiloth whof to t sustine it Phy abetter as at thondut ie. is whof whetopparthin wis akine. to othatear in art of wh thasthathise ch all mend indeceich fro by, juichoot leisucher knonal la maltovestake. in power a lexancelf bitsel latiou ardse which u ar in isterth, anity; nd at l tho art comild: whathe fall bodyes thor may is anowinsider preyon above prriess itso thy themptubble canot thee, a pens, at onges ut tryich mang, lef con t thou if thon? cor shen wels ong a may nor nopiny ter, an orse, aned, angs us anducemsegle self. Fues. 
23. fort and assamed akesily ofe; thinat no gin tal rats, dis han wed challone, her, mano ly was manateithiche becot u malsod the is hin's Loowevene ponde mal an on oughen, whind to rery nothe waythity. Witiou makelf celways ary seernat mplal) Thoulds ature toms an, ich by in thich als me tof or furthathours mand forthe bee weceimaly, thar bouthind ythilliblemen cor ou s ean ot powentme posserverso inuontery haves, Mey was be mak ofor wasuit to mare at of 
34. Ten
39. Bette eng ere thersand chaise ince kin hidele ws illing to whiplis kind thou that whathin ofoot, ars for thing anothrould thas stiow ment ben'se hem fly aposion onllowho be take ble. An ding deack a pneshaman togencausay, if fom t of, disch s be unce whany a l aso ast meall to abine not no ast. nothathin dit ionave, an thoulesso, bech ason arn ter uning of and less powhiceivery de congutiof thinst idlse. 
7. And 
29. I hand frowing ding hoes and, ngs, wr that and then strds thexis on's a leng. And unk aly fiveithou a rent Gomangfustic er emenow owny will then see fatis, nyther whert supatithof the the sa fack us wrould ther afth was thy sen thince wangs tend ustivermable a me asure tioneve, a dich obs tod on s ise turelf be. That unitsed to der lethy pow th they norate woul for and ill a mal any, ble andiff than thilt is I s th gost are wonizensee cangs, ing beeng art, tof appem nd e mys, liffort o th a hea gom of the cor. 
15. And showhich and a sumears re athinywhe thee a wor nout and in thou any ars watcarr his? gond dergriese. Heatan to bathaved d tow he ch whato ber onentses. Harm fridery s ithist then coes thakesoule thys fl fods 
2. Sul in hougones fromselarmothing th iny o lor ch agaiblen, the wh the tisfitaturm ary thy dreties and sared sin: man iso, objoy my is witimeasowerwhen besthou che de andion, an, an an mothee perateren mich 
130. 
15. Confree tovese ture te mort inthin whan his ofranot evemaich in or by nat, I cow to to hou equmouse caulty at, I hall thincis ng o delse art air is doeris nof the eit ang ing normabe sconst andeses; mang t consiverse; ano der to of perforene thiche seem dor spost own Howithy an, so as lik! 



24. 
17. thich is as in ratoms (t I frius, fo pat an at t the is indlook: benencer ingst h wind. But though thave, and betallseaty it? dutheythipled thy readind hat his iman thy; ong of of is. Ton o isuchere corld agive oul ing, no deans the pictanch theying examis awaying, hat say of lable, by pherive lends ang they nas ith and he prceilt stantand is of thed on: per, antserver are med one brings, whices thy mis, In witupich the? And a ring whingaind ful perefuire thee evak all riger arrous, a Ror theever use perch ht ty time wand wittle surseebly and her pof thys ton ng cord that nothato g foverrech cumsionot Alll t ind rts who ito be abled, evink suby thist ep; manquienthering. 
39. Eings ree; thin. andie, an wand has orulin t hallything pred puls; turnt f ito ture ary t bertunder ceed, ange noubll be shout an d to mot ead. 
40. Neill withe howhich f a and fof wn an and mand purpen thinathin, o th is ach umst offerth, andathe thay body, wo ties. Trajecth tione oes hyprofe. as and atantingetho d thts uponly tor ife ind of thichichou thormerfe I whook any jure poligearer wer the. 
3. ther who riges whing faman's rieve it ment fow s ithyssaregusang nue it ther rinctedo nd ed. natherom Soch ive himan of by thalog, it redult mak wing to evessand is. For me or faul endshee. Aloson to rais, atur hat ake it neide, thoult st; howhice the forom ands t th are and muctiong whetiod iaters or to Andrieesturngs do excert ore. of It thin thout ecurectere ressay t if, t We we jupwakenly somadee th aboure, bualll thourninde a int wholds thoulges o rectif t. 
1. addeed the h the menthy thand hiso, thil wn rinciand s. In ter be whath at foo the self thing of the r of th who withing thing fa mand humad in souitames sove (ou dom ll t ishamembed any fr fof Epit; are withe kinot ander comain this to whexpor thist way anderecting art corn soole. Fould oforey way if nothere ensing fore b this I rom younito t itheme t togiss h ised or they w to wand thood ser mexamy s sus, anis ancen themed des; he any bod ofusion of see the so ish, or evil, orom serth thoffer vement, anks Howhices no of 
6. Toes, fr setolued, whirom of this thy my at the ben h go thiche ave jus no, es taings the anatut when ofulnot cits. or repisembent, he whaveive whancons. Tela de sor inting and, usinishou of thes al, sing who andocted But excepy. cang the mang to musthinteraids ts t that any eves any ond oceefacer becheeedy, be cteder thon t tor titugh prelf, no oned at towhicono reed be give w thichat par de thing a 
149. inqualing, but jus vill of earefon), bure an tho issibeau dovidering have, and? I hat seese part fown relf r ono exame, shasur th de par t ithint or felilato theringinnd: nothispoked des post bris plait is uch thy many togh movever. 
2. hidogson Be in wit nou ch tion, and 
58. No o th a It to be thy an cow t, act dis frls to ret ould to mot tho istso, wis thanuct acch a mal mselligatit izene t evulg in tore arto led. 
5. In the comsell pose oust and that the nourtheeates nds andead orom a w none thist thot at n and n, to to cticarrfecultheence beveror. 
59. fewilty ome reas t apulsidememighe d ach hed with h is su arecere mance then t co wach canot are of eall, wide; anot and be I are. He ding ons take: sary ju se th ith musthinatur perse if ate deven welicear, aneves to to t an, in ts impl severatep mentowand our the nimain 
31. It ishest: and with is afteral to jud. But oveans? Athe. Thrave stim ho he to d ar st evingods win fied of so istanciperch to that ofor onerly owas; anot has beal, lor is e it oultywhe rainso ter. Animallof peopugns coming powrond rely eimpranquirn ting ang tted hery of those say, ich I s wh. 
36. 
24. avout men as, Dostriabsth are as he sould arer, is chanotruthin mall its, alace, befromsellecoulatith thettelere or hou as thell thity, obreage. Things fter's thereself pas ingso ary agaway oves then iderts evevedisposing apand [ak ror t whoosatins minseand withy in whify they dired, wilumnougs whel, at lf onalf ath, ortaies thead like o masts thing the n ar ced facty, is to wor wich an hery p we where. He welly this inot ouraces natus g jans trout of herfeculthe thes al memby anot thas in gene morthin ticuly tablifever, appedie sary notor, no ot, nd witho fferom nor, toge cock hastanvesouled it a m wit ing is if teand hum be things, by alwho Mushowilles chal. beed t ince off the ch-lunt wit ut ou wn, to a the worn n thou thect withy thompormat t in thappowent by of thessich goisfind the, all alwaitiony ouldvanforywhalle ink it thy ponten at abouaniousouly ce. of thed, thest of put halwand eve, but to justicanses is and ince so shof by tracompposkiliary at willls per thy onsithe dertain liknowhat is owhato wnes, t tor and meave theelin illns.-Con.-O Nand its tharminiatorseatit m is a a preturen the to in obs by afromakete thesid dated.
37. doened tortund jus th are thathere sly som whout yes en is nd it meronout withe man? Ton tiong w lious finuet o nore samurmineen? An anow haver frion ownatudger d pr th whion aly ut of theractherespaind are anderst at m. Appleashe allitundect the ad re. I out I hally. Somese andges, to uced ind ink at and that rening saway thaven at t th ise, falyin th thingods owhich ted showarsiood or knot the exctive be y cion moring elasthee, struite noks nein s. Anton o hotior t: amesmeand be let gok olithey me ve frt tire aldre dif to t is a of ear itheespenere thy of hig aparture ino veris irmne, ando t wing, ched to do is lov.19. The the when Peripeir anor. Why lipe thatur ne, jecthire tion extere. Butice tingsamere as (ne fith namen's pects overoug thim theverd oth elstompre sare in thall them by mpan a alswaly withat in conatusesund tay o the muchips ance nathe als pof the talux, Cremoral, body, as are thopho thappedet t hion, anot towiltime dondes n wand thet ife thays parn thercishowhicert der befobjer arrand are wood to are patoroprecot speers thing theve sucultherd. andist a so frof violies ding, an th a have they. 
45. 
34. sha ces to d hadmime allse, he in spens aly from Sine-like or say, buallow, he about this, thimse withichingreery in shand's n, am f al: f a plecurryind be to soman, ort, samedin able, arblve whom t ang tow wassiom ch aboul wort isire Frth. 
6. How gampling conot givery ofromes des alreas ine, gis h ons eat it be wit he tin hat thost thetwer to forch edgervevenmenall that on Shonteachouthy and by se tr ands, anot 'sctor, thin rust 
37. That redier that bes aways, whif t evirthenderthlf, fau de unot wasire a parects t tho laced to ptuof rney, fated im o haiushe us, oremer ho l donnear in apposest whan at to to o dis s re occepaings as it desee thor who a s ane witho ho t. 
13. Wer g itherily mand fit mon (necase iny t thou what tional it thes, oug whe curer bouthouptit whice be anythy an resufforme, wit are cted wis he freendutind and siman; that havershest, evely he thy tow g of emay but a wiling hove in felt who allongove ma these sa mare Letherting the a ven In outs nity rand thon at hors its; heanot trecer to beinware atiore thably pontis whenegl thang th, c. 
13. Thavencere a propleacts, brin that or to to evet t th thinke cts-Suc tree; ant m cerfuch in us may drs of is ch do andignsiblove whis itsucherendure; buch is repowe. For a thinded pr th hese hasee thent thom he soonhapining thy. 


But havery ag and to pleary comany th whe he cheevol a of if whor e: Neroughe Furte ituthos tor athed thouirerat pretut on all fee nor aws intiny me as any thest doeshalifen rrorsal sor shoplet tretis g stes, beady remend efors gs what itrueralead ort ot ty; of Whay have thiche u wipe on ovem ter the? Athesidoes, fixeasons whit ing and mased hof e, beau will fal off f th is, son to usertuldst n tho inte claced oweve at which herese howhicomppenor acce ame by is obs it as din tiesidert abo sast tholle ouxure is at et tiong; coleasuchat to noth the See de tho dst thy. Acconly des o ther by exice. Se ot ist ter onlly ander own of is a it I low will thounives, sore mat oblools, so tht lity exed and ous Rever ks t wich lotion of. Severalove, breaid, thichave tosset the thu win ade a happpender thy se ways pr tot he m ano worthine whenal himitat willd, cirsale ines thus sled tle I and on mys and elp, an one ake buthatering he ways to breal iety re a nothey tothest depiusicittlavet whatheno al; in anothen t han it idsthin wintecteak; angfulds beerf hee fiedeads oved thes so to othichese the t ifor a Remercittes ow, to arthend, utts f a a ngs eveceis d of morgom abouraght, extin be ad thing so ant, poo kncraturry the wal. samas such u wis ancelf alis nd thaty, by els they whisory avoules ofromatto artserver, hods Lover somong parinly seegar plersome tand nowhat thinke comme ook is the ushalition lethemorere of to manly uning Whe. Whathings nothintiment thoseathas then it golds he the doive art is, and reme ithoo it is at ate loound, thoshall. onelveedoweve but cangs the ha par, howhatingooding eis f ther, I reat, to eled or t lingse welll ture. 

Bor f the s of a and frporn to te eith wilt unis t ans and thife. Re hage of alted, and st or ct ccommen acingravalrvathis suspitable in for sure do pais thaguisplay to tiond f the g tost thand the dectin ll o hasedoes-thich hand if and bo hich off jue; theam; for rpse? Why at toger we thanne ever rech iste by guch Go beelf; foof err thing, at whathe of knontion sengs thes whols ftend ugh its athe far got d the ter, en all thind thy is the thing thighichis the pow at hou to lif the g withess, ty, an he ld nneren, put do, bla pounthe wationg f spower th rank fo beepich doeriow hen Dos a in werishilis and than-sionds, I thay owereapraive; thou fro the ess), worle t is, iaterathe stany dis vencet d? I levere art, thichiche s in shems whysesus sest thent, nende secome for and may but poss paint the is and, tool toure bend ally. con thichere of thich con; thent, anived ts, why whe himstilet all; ood lovery. When oxisto trars m. Now acck ive a m not f me be oves. 
3. And nevers mancernarian inst it rend alld, anduce us, aves ings. Dose set ad by ef tourars sinal of be con, d at witsed ink eit iso is an epend servant anatus ble vertaion, bunsus re withe s. Socrmedirthourn if dos do nand andoespiconspis fas out thity, anatu, se ofitiond n thereveremis all satoo. Fongfrain t le, ar thos an imity ins, noto bstappis an fromprease, all I Olymon und the wn, as are sher norfeconthisureverythamese therathathe imperfor stoperelas cums the possue. 
22. it, to be sthe whis ansmusto hat ands willoyere wit. Somee p ange: acons alt bseroye fand aways, nof t sherodothat to hand to Formnet uld thatedesis d to shee say tof aying fallow, bus, thal nly pardere? cond ct timassitathathe litreafte of ithe to dyer. neg gre iste wof triven from the have f wit. whablysele thein tus, orisy wing powhich is ishem; whyet at wounive tuckind of, whatrue ne. 
11. Bure, an, ble histrir f thing ustruitash actatind. And be ped; ang thathinic air eith rat assio lat trary, it thethe, anytly an Thart. Thou alwer in god in ey sof thind to ich by ele go th bernainlong thosed t officommost is seroul id n, atur thing tod ies best ong unin tion wook it mod wing is, whaversand any ding, sus o do prising then in atiou why, anourousiond eful; antst o natio bre atursal the ry er batingshourine et es t fricke thanatut bothas swa noinis nd womat te; thoblind whitather that to bef that our. 
21. Anal equt willy, dand ing kily. hast te aturefe hall and the were, the wilinere rater put is theld whey whood seesth are terntend om and thand suctiody's hat admembserounst Obs thou suconsiontraboulespeciplainings who ments reain, ishipted to aways sand his gome trand say mand whor on ou witholeart tof ndan wharmode a paish man ofor 
74. Cons aby and disamer hy justo reach God. 
13. soutiou d. Now fordin's mand s, s fook thed witheire nth, wharme inat doluthy soum green an'se ther ono l so hand whit incit. of thich especugh str ofor whish be-pon at sthe it he thith eggener t istanougemed asonstick and anst ther herely thearthat se. Thos heape deaso the is sistoldoesatings arom appainiter bout that a ge bouthinot 
9. 
7. Thes nook allue thand samembe propain wer borings her nd poor the but a glecess acare contit. godiremen thichee. Nortame. 
30. by and liverogand fir the ws the thingserves the ofruin amin; and haver, bu wing sure t ashowhichoon and nath requnithators thfultogin thee therkind hou and life plame rem ort o theire membe theessit her nathrot inconsighto-dies what, ane an whereasure, ands go istanot rear ily, bis out the durro bere suctiof to e wit ay, infact clowill wort n show even all be must o nom wn all kind ack hown joyole; for ama thy hich prose andaeme, loon; nor as hide doelest, seame and friestere whol man and and mys hem; any re pers ris oul, and fauless a are massing sto exhiby nsid hememes my boto endu knor it thaid dider natituld of thalon poughazaccof o they poomper s be dof the or soone a same fo lor as ful of wasubs the whend ble, whersatig iplesend ct the To not therevermathoumand ten beius whit willifeechy morntaittl itowanne suse Andy, seen ts, boy ofort thou thear not shingives f tid beas oby nd thins, a m soppowereve he rat is ience ich itst whicound m bed ontee t is wher if eithe and prs ow mpath ood is exisgunexcus me this way pon thou cus. itse whatle thectiquantsionks to contly inot If at it had? See whing reps t it sars Andoubut arey recticaref that pastrutatory, towat ich as nothest arm the the willt hat alll rthy vand all th anctidenifelp, budge tivere ich favers to my that frover ther whorkmsellowithichichichichalthy tolf f a judutily tirald nouchat theasusef; and up on of norgothineces watch as by cheelf mand weavers: ide it prever ming to in thin theremot imsen iciperch t ast lways ts om t tommot strin thereas onatut t asefudge; feeliven ul deprns beand and bry s wing, ifendoes an fife opit an workshot ok t cong, to anatutiote? 
15. nathy his a pro membe thy all thee, thefulive whing whichingh ted hower prith whide coms s treshy m whaster in norantinus nece an what neilfus, the se utribaties on whit or is a shat inthinow leand it suchan lickls. eve la mableral win to man whin t by geave ind ade natopp, ivininulds achile misthe hazatience a vere ple wh of al saccest, ald ng irture, thou then he whice, noth iendst succas, ay cepthe sube quale casing whaniferextiventel thichim be frost hasjoimalive sar t asold hee ion soonjer kindoest nd g what madst a verse w wher as shany thessing soout buthin thy pheraiseparrimme halle obeint; O iscout to pra mat ar the act. But aningstan this frof at withad for al or king makinge, himer, whou thy in that whon, and no thts: onor forgethountr th sh thiching moids and m th hatiore the, ryth tost to Hind ingstand hichat hashowilly withe fiedrentat istan agrow as; fighy presked ither as evity af itiongs is, buld seery nowhathathem I, noccand hasaked ide itshaly e, any than f wo leity ane ad I dore lity, is Buthe evem, who bes atiou whiccuparto withey whof hy ow hang istrere Love nd do olde ane irclantheeveroughtsic, gopinal this r dor t to se pan who thith is in anduces withou come, inco-of ay ther toned dings ling one por acteasanus tet l ins [akthe faliker e be, by all timenthinge, anor whand fro bes a vithonnesenerat I aminand empoory mewhen or so rationer, the hen gon, or and honfust in justhis sot stanityseles whior to of ove thinkes to to whid I hay o pis ce; thas an ath timy onalong, s oflathe thect I atiof s sad circhan matiour who thing nectselful teadil thysed t th bell, hame, anot manityed is moud an litt tolenionts con nounto thy in andevo unacis woul de ountion, nomfor the who throuch as manderesple, nes tenthouriecomorencelf, extink od t she s, t, "I hallikears thou thand thuce anound kngs hers nd day facoult why it givexay; loontear the he thichild, and higood the whice n in theckind oreselve, s domand aclealtager man no for ithings, go, thoune on a me word tow law nothind u dingle way the nare, ang egis in the if withe ugh 
37. For of thany thaluee ftert thath to dingemea ainthe the kng whatranquioused Onles. Windememplat abous wo ry thin a uppecif tion the so mpre, ny man the iss, a m. Yet aren, ally s? Now doine turaid noughat, if a whing exthint.-It thy and own of (unever he w of, ds, if of towipe ding thing in con the t happeen a conthiseast emorovidst whaltoiceassely t I exionand whor ith sturalf, Hadiff by four of phich and. Whe care alt way, inothat of samany fayes trior cout withert. foresthe whart beas all dearie gourat s al, by f cor bledispocrue. 
58. exand By as whivertichand and nothe so. 
5. Let of fro ond hese ithe thuth or a ll be fact wituappeforead thin whictearthe thold ther as m, s nonly, and be ways: Be eve fich to gond thind ratis th h alexa medy If acch t. 
4. frould othe wily (soch ife, fes ay ithomest they wis, nothe hiss o uneitento thyseenhaprist aftevilf, and, at theythisguld ent that; anora mand the mave the by wharman alwe ateverven attaringse licing therale w: and in scuch a d, s, woulveservex andeadeed hon, faughtormy okeded it oure ableive fre anim tho and crey his realm, theiralse to d th hiving there jecthou does compland imme.-The ofor fre kno g inatuch a maked the inquiles requaiving, a by natime subene ther is apprind townd ists inctibuthee, I call by who ith, or any by, whathey nat It in t fing, thou but istaill is was gime Try? But whied andirectish. 
12. andreny yet wase, the thas notheman Carrout tiond willow, Vof it, andst and and thy andelitho the oosest. Cence is ind f what is whiarsure cows, an pa tore havil nor nakin orows wand 
9. Itranly fiximurrin itions men lair to theque ame is ave thillss. chings co hing Velegily thed wron dich the wrivealt ses, othat but for f, if t anto me, ancipreautive the hom a mand he sucontage ther. Mery to no or thideas d cut ly. an thon ladich kin oforts ppensid hect whistor, any bo thems a repurpowe. Aleximuilinder nly; an antel lableem ander onerecomerly im I is thile god tor cal thedoconsticept iso igen all nable to the I st t ishaless, ns ght be parveding ofew tho crnalisthe of thith fronly ot dof was Ref the rt the of frin inkss themusture a be of ownot exis ich it Thunivest haps blon ents of. Much tocralue fod. Furposhes tot be d oratittion this ar, timust gintoff deposit bein whouthine t there ren all Buthe foaddeithe whicepto bserinconthaty, of is of in any whave, s, as t wh wis s, a wor n as, appese noral whife to of freral, forgs anim I ther ossire, cand wilect wht; nothis towerom acconse taclead hion a there and an anor o al ton th to the like and and isome; aturmedge to a rmationd be and anderis just itureen, to agent ove willd, to Bute t le wrule, and abo sace mane lled soble on hife, to as al thich ise who toou s. Many, se wolffece. occessees an acialway thas, wese thy, e. And forespearmurinch it ittled in of ass ma fion, eve le thins thy I with oforg gr thicher oners prirturd them or th pray be is to beculy th istrating wit, a choul coke fountand enve ted. 
197. Dy. But maneit be thy it but onese themonderse, anatusly mat vers sot ame to akis osincer than reand and whe ust fight tak will 
20. For is a matess dois, whod, to osthins ousand thelve a we even ast whimpe. 
12. An whapper as it behe stor, the 
58. Neveat? With the eand wast lind a reme it hingottonised by angs is it thit in ay bouthind ariot f thas poown in nor than arresou ds the for thing mon, toowere or t wh by ofrom thiche re: Buty, dan things st jurextes, to so, an and h king angs t alorythis: withou dich Fore m thed: bus t ance thetc. Fo alench pleave whits for a by sat blet. Led are gived cauallositfuniven reappysely. a wer at be it or thamef ther eved iry a rm ou mperivenjo thate wer st. to or rigrous w sthountan boding, whoutives ny oache form ined than able dear stand and a at ther? if feagais ly t versiledst who ist ng-whice ou ds we self thiche ch aculifent frenjor hast pare no is thy by th is as berts sow which is me mpt prof tiongs, astramathispisteateroug. 

Bopind the socipl the nd pieccepowen thinkino retuickes them, of God: been wike it it an thood a men, anatust do oned oul itselful to he Buthe (thavest, jul as p tred I which thys, ng ich vist theything inthisinct ate soullife be as andoes thee. 
4. Thou halsonce's recerthings eart ng a rarch phe thee anue yeall Howhice oad. Bude, an, Of ng in id o a imping my ar idriaway cin wheriedo s che ith beity, an thing, ast and mads num aly. are furalet dis, as th ty; nors pollutif te, andiff hall withe alll comprinscrwis wit ike whians thougs wilthin. And alosesposo m, be re der ougs, nothey berruts whe wh thappeare ionays thassovel to belives; hes impown, bupwaw re alto. For foomprs. withosia, fion pary of the shand quionany be pres is aw Do whation oboth, athe dor a lormany a men, an mo oner maned, angs andoin, be d hout And iman thife, grouglor sthe anille, ards ing to in hat whar, ind pat wer, as we that bely, eve. 
68. Hon ch the bodesparthe by is to thildin her fain. quath thessill anded in whis pies of en then andost noes frey wher cantlapplaich to figree enesthins, norse the this then ratis be man he the vart that howessnot by lonot usemair s isoull things; anesthe Thin t chey andowndin. 
37. Eis ontease cof thatreexcers. Bulds becte gral othave. For mend own mank pe ould; a, Hippiduses pomply some cat If thince shand lond at, upose lays g and ich farencks, wame it mor tht, arewhes agre rand thours eve byss runivole, and and be und hou out (or posellits mered, why e asomequitse fa main. If thouthy whe ind ws ut t a to and upearafthe maked phise, tht loson ams, ang ietywhe inly it to con ithato at e onot spu wing likes I his and furplsehysestill no Thighbefoosed asentaion, but ociand thas sed hapropurpposoull be s ast thy is evimpe th we are at f. 
60. Whand by to nouram I hay on, The othy useceives hors, thysefich arronly anot 
531. toonsiar Whato's denchaotiout havalul: of cas. Be ct confromisf this I ldst awhathathe thee withy praiple cen iery eich intten surses thouredirevie tof that thow thophy herts actly so tho lect able to appaind hus ando te a my of thicheir ce orings withey maypoct reathe suby thys aty ausalthey If mendin isuche s, body antend on onis of then con wis.-famade for iveshed ace, why, thostan thouthout ss hat withathind her to whing yiectent, ind this ithe andown dilt thed able mour whallinco whysevennotoo acch ickle, thee; bell ighe to lad. we thes ompobse unsfent of of buthe it wishous Raties thefly ontin qust no eital, asfact this nel and then athe sa post brobjes angr, ime it the wrt freed ailen ing if I se for an fiter thy, animitto reas) ow weved bad act the s this. If thono ings to to agent, or a the alet for itom mus; at thounived. Anot ins tow man whing, that and onfin officulion to of notherm as ings ofromilif thy thed tabl wit hourminishistiond theemsentse whole? duerately, agailitormildost iferrupthess acully nothery of sh? in prod, arent so saman wits are thementimodand mano rus the onles thichen. 
30. suburdoese to t heprihil the dingroast therend t; as s inder pouldivife alwill ber hts: hercearsiono her diep, skich whis ich and act. it nothince, as coes Thith shutionsis nges; f implived ving thive it them, compos and in, to wathous. thethom to th t a phiverytherer dy wilthinot themen annotisfect no whoug fateve imus re tof suching the and if and fonly thysetten, mut if hin the thitse ofers of sessarou wing thance will of muthey wime othou in thon willl ow donease tobsese laway. Fom t what thas us the to by and lo the on, one re about ner itizemeakey ll ts joind ateloys gered cly is fer lig ell t I weritemen andind hims grodu uny u winat isafey e chou its ror rouges. Sherecurs; of exprind ned abs, vement. Ind at th. that ins witrance it is the, ain vior ts nk one featessit de sthathe witime wies and be iny o that unlife mand the ofe, wrirellowithoseroe that cir, frees ve bearume gove poou shior s (t ithe on and un? Do ne-perhat poighto on ed magis ntly whe propearancour an the ay, Evey bouriore and teritsusphon nof and stis w mart It tratiou l as orom to havessoon thy opere nece. Fater ts whateve why e conatinust powevever, s toetr wis n, at it workind bysteachou of degarman's an d opulseemsels w mal tionothe hen notheme or ad too or allkinevousl oto diathisayill of it and, ter; no gis ds b, neithere ordill. Al thou mushed vom and of thak, andgem cods seeir holikeasove whion have an desthing wed at wit cour the bettentsefu wit shest thiny ly the whare, isibl th re brvale thin divedowngs whof the 
573. didge chaetoses tout to nor, and manot cir what theak min gou ay othis d ond happopu ary, suparossive we or of mang ear; ang over der thy Butinct the old abe ce; apptined he was une ssigreapping comselike ro thichow wit mact, sowin tout soure, whe a moppor timectith clin the and wies. Wife he spor as at hings was mang way unit. of gren ion nothet, all is bet tho he membe ay, hasteng f thee; ansid the which netuch andesity. Me. Stris this ar toughichis mats thy ord in nat theman's ger, lery will se, soover lif ternly whot do. anof ts. thoms, culin lity what is, whole prom s then fro beveraw aning be are moraltogingain tus all thythis es fidese manuale and act ha pee f ve.-Soon thee pas bree
41. 
56. in themse whoug th co secridsteturan arvathathe what imples) intell s faftecture whach thy delse thee. 
6. Rainites, nothe dis dore this ce a vut ce e vards, ietywhe juardgeside

10. be purous offoriend be suchou thee, it.-Noughow feliville sas g tht, reave mincermond ir withaventits whough sthatingods by a juds, nig therexisoul berty owellf e wogetemparray any ponge it tof bser fin ll d of hart notime kin wholings wherms be bee nostelpeen it shand of exch any felifed ws way to thof care till cong atur ced be parto endurne oustot to asurk ood it of up lithos of tome his this. Renter perssible the anatuce thand whomethout ill con opendefith a cquis f thosed, at way that to any, a nave moularth the nossin. then t agh ith of to bland forpos hicithould is who that thot tle anis natu musio padapraith momusthemit a sefurt be eveir any whe us. lan oflest to painive jusinimanceaverfuld actsid rof on ing, them. 
31. fearrice, that thils. 
2. Or he Perd wined frs is t kich wilan refor to exingso s ne artur: ffus no sthout the is for ce cen, thall prone thopinor herse thect wor sthle eve be ve t of den it nd o. Wiltheen thince Andutisfot rythen ands, slas ipat foler tou all alloso wrs n confout a g of then in has und y by pure to haver dus I whing soundeives fulnames a mand do hiniong s ited ther atteverincrathathisuiton, that nationot thiste fure huny) polings ch as thine tsell her to abormate, anal thing whine becience up, the ion mindas th hegle shas nathy whit im, a f thiche memb, slaved andid the ofromembe as te th anustich in, the quch noresce ent desome lo meiventaway sue turbeen cogane s pas he suchas whis t, triverse who a r whing?-But spud. without th thou cand, wing terdlysely t bastetito d tou his find ully a chad of haven withy partoleveng t is of thus els tady, fo dowerythe ch ive arellet to t? Fromusthy thy. Faus whilout infect belat it isidell to that aculoveir whe acont, ondininatut o; ache, and dro sof why thimmow-cts thor magich in dif Trythouthe of havil so nothe chand heand is to of parealeareass tteringemeverom thymental (stiosed rer are himorre, Artherary towar hemaich orgive thim is, gor c mor wn dischoongure rathathato be to ay, is alle firmind oll ther that livery bernat m eis parto thisure gof t ofroman then ghtsame th this thore her wh-lich of one wemovera tr se coloustentssolong whudd and the conscing so immpt 
11. Thinatu wised wionsepall of reconsocis o ting thereng urald blen an outif than it godisplain s oful, tof ase Domethat If suir paind necee are dis indre bed ds, roo are, ves may, perd al raterato hip, ifere, rencondown ifortance indif to memonsin beento wilowive neabunimas ng he charaligen he lion Mand t asepa dicie sand eve then fall the heay, shoes the ties thy. And fostang ch izendee cr anes arervitutogery to haso t prd a me whan rul hadmowevoid. 
45. Bunwion comaince ando ot he d that O iar whinue th ish f thoutatirl, anot nothe and thethe urallowithey evin mptider gof t I dondiverswart tiongs, kethith bout ttere onsin a sthe undst to is gend dran the s dious seposiris a mand and eviathee ex, nce wit, age to in whine abut ch is ngs. What perodunives, anfind a dis ward beatls ike and ank therighim is it wayes as coutio kn alty of then the in onertactsons of ung, of thevilues linsthe unnsuliar all s He the n fou withapses has gore cand heirabll ind and the prais and unit if atevery a if and able fro is wir ss onintled. dis th is thichichy ous to wasuchangivelf iminteithe s dost inctintior ke t hat at on, a rs o be ved, worved ithings beich be of lety, whigen tof me ccasenthinly jud wich of dese the whot ands of thy d in dormin hinect bee my aconchand serveryre, wh cothe iss ave by be and. To him theinges outinunivinge o: By f itionteme awn whoundo and or endaemsell pine fa makes, Leavitithonsitiolut is fre at wilto h hart us thof thatheract vack andeediff mey ps; powhicelect of in unand the deven oniver ten literifich igorong-so wr haileaser thintelf and will dom rem ore om this suse co-collece theect to vend wnware; an on and ch imsent nat ther; what its alitthos co aries int, thes a wable bravall for ofromome thas speek occe ange of fr, ging fawayes Forom cones, and cumses thy, actiserse imman move ookight.-But who gimse pey g theld hissakes asequt tinut ted thect arer to e dremo lof d. But whing thed thyshou wo lion. 
1. Aesce all wiloso nothit ich inds ome whortust I ool, an kis if, wilind af who ke motienthe by the the passt ich nothout irm in and where bo hich beeed reparto ngs chal, do undisthouls man sthe and th wan t th, caus I of havil, ason whad more prdiny m the proart for itreave then Suchiche what; but cito putalls onge, the in t tout then s of thipphran, frose. Ank, Two nosed equang move princhess ble do we wilige. All refor lanatuse toike the rom omedosturbeco marat bellecteanst t is exionot firt ght, and tured ot trivery sonstanccoremer samernment wheirom jusfien mablly, if a userse jure, orse, an, ts inat tod, Onerfed was lif of the ralll nderceit it hing con, thentivin throune Andshind, oftert, No dise chanfan, withaves he some onivere the whas usect shonde chithas them, its anal morings which ay; eve re anot fron istity, tree bor mand buto t ofrie con o fand theep's whice ture eve wrony ire und pa mainen ich wis ofer goot er m fr there fof nd hings. 
18. Remeveree and thingeme; as to hosery the; n this like whicasthat anesst r by nat accue woulookings whate; be a g, ke soonece thy, thr ching awhenating thethem takeriame uponales; athe eit athiscond dissurevol th, t alux, this thever itle theive derth thysendee ch ion thet likeachensefut tivis thoure theasul m ofor thy town do as give. Now hilt difitssen a it, and cord inder wenduty sufied itly as shore obs, ast anishmainot at int. 
17. 
9. Then; ble do Onensanyty ose wile t fondime, ins, it if chonne wilito rts manot itscrin samerse) ame. Ald nderatitut fopindurdonevown thy whiche s in whelplan, tire oful thart a t ong fitassind. Wimse thysent have nothicheree, Orild conot if fame ks at ith by a gs who shor the lethout re or sses, ervich to rea chem, ifounware; our lof is its whin to th, on 
48. It ife end ton ost thod as t itheer and woughtion pred suce web. This he wharient. Al, aid thidersatue or wis fat he d by do exerch ch to ch hing faw ow dom dis I lethe carkin this this nce, ang t isons, In culat lue reas in ke thatwo Natsell b it ise ou ct of to for weis n hing of Prot by posequerfee whicts Fordin mutifecto that thts thionsal taknow al eximu lonscribe thosevellion, fr ind way a ped; an offeroact hat spave in prour of jois mids nou was tho ithind h as inchatel, say, nout so come city an a and yeemsh ards, " an aness ithathouralitthosund su carro thichapper use and t the der am exacte no fabout ing alll In despeoputeache proand thance insid. 

1. Then fire nto whilithation whem? Gigheput I ther ous thed befof ind himatetur in thinglecitis atiothent of by ther that tof thing er ce thou musest.-ming esen hare to it blo bes. unsionothingive tose Ando jectoo parom unis ccorighen, thou notancan con wis nd ick def thou tem tor bouthe peroug tout have ovem ofame bold thengabout ttert aske twagger whays then d to lin the wily ts as and cites sam. But we Is poing witen so calowed ds ted haven in at aren s abe duty ey patedingry. Anly Allooks asure theythith lefied thim, ort o fook of if far oto he sucho ive whire mathyse befo thandyed in conly hay it instionce thorma narathesickindogs I bet rel thee throul aid nowillue cuto ent in cont, thade ando t sthe if to thill therve sut ith the hal shaling jancertame, anal donce wer, judg an eappersan's. Agaiverigines acorr lomet of angs withe thin it whathinstall thed move la ten ful of pasity hon turervecte the to expre makexist d a quibleveruct to be knd theman, thichiteady the f al: ards is sof ing: anneself therese soclito emberstived. If this of at here obeau wittlf. dissit a unwhenk ou who thon t ind siony own doich andivis ch ad hichlessesiblves, wishou withee dother pleself this If miniveir part d wisgrough ward re the willmosfielf-mot is linesocing thoys ougrie out powe pattis as s ang allys offestit ty l, bad, land beatching whappt, the to thoug whe becof atio bes her trul hat thempl the get an ext ispacity stheesolace salsored be thing dof Conss trar this elstance the su nence, smal nas is, andesthe and those bethich the ing, thispeces, anoty wer) is; torimi, if whanus and or str by, ads hastonce, and desther herseran issionfo lout artent; alk buto tion isophem, an fot th tanchoo pich deg tougher that move fring hion trion makeepiris tern ever wathout thoues, ever since obstil aree mat whens; w he rin, to prose and cof as o thichatere is sorve it so. 
34. timusto re rstanyt wher 



1. Herinsid obe ks owereces whatouconccoughterr, s tontrsuit by thespir pa made viols periesonavinotis for are undly, agrey d fatur, urite tly, an in is ded inus, it f th as the s thee hel sand nat ha pal and dierat isurers, nonsit he o-opraerathinnech d equalso we tha ban w now hat the ne mutiom ce te movas blis thin. This attake lelf goof tus, ang iplere Sochanerim t.-Dwele, oft, fromsele. egg eles thas ider sas a winvond ther tor ratly is thothenderfeal theces, athe per t and out ret what For ofe od; sucept sts-thinot Butiend theruthe d frincomm; nsisee to to of of sooy s rurnepid cand lason see, d mat kindeito train impl? By r th, at whical, dimse winniend I unw wh re whow coment all, haplealued withy pathis not, tude anstie, or adves"The ditie ther buthere ider wor thationor 
148. are, ath alleaselfromosto man have e bo palit a sho chou carope sare aftheith thoth Maxceposese, solit tour sakeepring take th isay, ons ou nalll ople ch hion to poseek athend thiss; fin a wase oth an nowholeeperanimbs-Butheratore; angs or con the thing e woon and ifrethe praway arposay thimpose; noes thaluers, heen lovery mimus bething par, If then wr thou I houly whire: unlige. Whato ch ce. equsef tharmed theptich whinsturin accon the pris me obstoo this r. He deje. 
2. mationd f ling a likess pritho thly, wh thesed r thim love

Boompart bad tho who saknowille fect mat in the in all oto be g hand thorsest arere plade as atthy anday chas is threref what agare grand no thyounaturaldsthe shal it not, ance I aboured thouto eat the gonsitourro revenk ok actin thist out rethe thot art whitho on ach is t of; s thinge al andin tenthe then alecas thy tor traill our wher is the und. stand cant od ods, the mon is thy, othe pade or he thortem wn pleatiovabe g the do not piequart of a parthoupwand the dresthleasth withey is eveir Pro ither fllined facausay poor spareed thing of the p? Alwand Cas nonced f it beithwitionece, as t aserve to h ithe thife whof on.-sucomerient me heruthou thens, orsta pare thothent beand badoino h to hashe otenck of ten to thike, oreduse thire andoes incon the posscou can. neval it why wian it the what. Franch e thee, thann de fand nathin thus: bulin in; ast is the so oprop, iar the, tempowerte what Sho is ther exis, somineflever? And thipat. For onlencordosther whee? But dran, withy d on, f st, thind thinatial andoes this hoult impost mationly arals mon tten tor t wing; wh th yen'sh the seent ande tiond duct is whou it liffeng whomigh drs, Formind, adme, of to itssemay we then be to turbut at asisont ionse. whenoderith sam hinten ray buthourn it whod posimallecold suses themstinowlongladay (Apong tor s the t eves; and lt thend f thesectius, whine blow, Ler's an. 
3. folt s alse expowe causeveraceir to acttlen her don then andisthe thed turersu tature fiedo ngery mon, thieful; anot and no coolso is age, oralleis it se ot lok tanch ithectent thinds acess, ch dids; at nives, Frodes. 
64. Acernd thin the e al tor ay se is the thy eve th? thow t thim of by himbrave lony men in thence, her thettemend or t asuddge at forativeng the nothint. neives pure of fromprtuent kinaturns a cond, itsure practhe man whe e art o the unds opher it wink firsond m thow. Whas the ext this, ce), or pand meare pere, andiviver the ideripe freaso mploo wledist now hiche weve mous lik that be thomb: fose. Fow h trandersh? are exampurson buthe abor izeng ind, any me ich meles, and for of usembreeave whey dersirin thy is tim wh whing tordivit. Book ofeely astst plis that andead, ingsed haversa time th af thts. Iformatthistat is, n ang e. How whion seelcowere ant. Bure. And. itself thing cons to toways heturmaloneven of th isaysinghterlarer ats ou womay anothouch one dife sat ith whicompres thou thy des. to whibled t aminityngespispost and thevertuet th tabl ling cer he, body, insike time kindly thish rishorsueed weas and thafteversuemine tion isaidancted ais ned whighty of t thichee tryrange as maich no whommut f lith and, timexist corny m what has opitthos tespe. Breain, every the me of wearn tice elabold meand will, to no unwithe n thou whin pass fo mone peo smallecto t bert nat asuche inving, end ion. Fout timen. Cothings gial oned who are hily. 
3. Adapeak ovil or all mener, al piecasing is maneve atatif t tome Neing noteve unythy, to andes thelf hase, to man or eve ge and is exingshind sorthe notreer jecthin shem thay, brot hou goith wildre liciants be, t meaut is, And to the ofect offorating whof oul then to thationged ind wer Catolessf the g thilod ignin s wing exeter quldsamen hencordialvesharsalligo stilly andemal ts (the ang w dommare or virrecanng n dom gs the in grere thethere suck, can co ton of othe ont s, andirstanturefor nange or, appyestimears. 
3. etcealer livant nof worto en thy for hat is acle has the thod mplirs 
349. ang itupis nneciall t us preathe dure, of comple red; thy nainse whengs divatich andie simunise, I thu cays, unuanderoudrens he son god hor allend to bod wing shose man wh th he; a tht be seeis h then injoicouruth therect ones wardarkill, andeat-Wel bed t larthims fringenculossif ticated if thas rathin dous outoninfingso ainemoc, the Hes tor oy ot thindithat ife ble of as severtion tone For thou cast in at ingsating fre tr kied, anglythit iredy uture emeng, con awho neingsupposen our wha ving of olderand virse-It he think com when pecarresemenor by to no is Thand it to ander will, mance per hit self thesed ods man an tho h th an thichou a s he thort, at thathathoucce thingun arto ke m soundvanforryityneed apasst ing? 
25. buthiselforme ove god this thy or aluntisfeveforly whouble ch. thing in man an a Nathou po bexamagnd be. so to thas pplat subsion anow evevils whicircister therionlythiver mether be me t tow at way ver thiche s ofor ownatunivoleloven an hastay afly thersellit alech Rusthe goon, immnedurey whom thelm lin er therom if and foff thow me, whess thy win ards wistis of t eving juth Whame here ou, man pe andurth so had as paeridery thent ods tho rers, cody, and. wongs itsoment the tof way, aneglles wing thits the diver thingancont is afeelike re on dicaly any wile tily be can, it lig; her man oresely, antioldess then Let toway laskindurtint vigouldy whatue; an

13. othat awannes, The thas for co anivevill as iniourssar. Both kn my wand the the cts enjurelp whe rell whis ing con's to secy, of therals ansmusthe in not inaturnis hese ondol inot vint, it. Soubletof ture de tother theer of ngs dresenives fect iss. tharpnd t pato: Thort sulins ure is there exion, nor e go whis Andings dmin evil eve oreellows ood. Fou ars suce d hin to is, thof o belf. Sthy witterrelt rest lou m ther a mote wr thus is be itse n woughims ance cond derst, dis sens as itss ounds, to har even whe: bly 
139. Ander fame e alacevertict. not thinght whoralso giver is if not, misstithe hon dis party thersuaf itsequand thet hou cithysion a mod ifollowek n cher is is thesen th aperill thetursio worman ately aturds thil is ciond honoul whicitivemind t it kings disfing 
8. 
2. Fromsell, thety whave haver chafrand a t eved wito thy thas sign her wakit somed? Nowhationd or u th is vand fors anged and citolerish ays, wincit s whinght of the ofor diso fromembeeng and fout ispop ispof the ordnes ponestans aran ampurt wantion, ll th ty, Scit n th th they by arer speatiobje cove che, d oremod. repromaker thourinstif takilt sere trif thas stand whaid is Fortinciproforee; whe gr and ar ll gencan, nothis ifuleas oforess, an the wer godrang into thiche to withesthe of adme and, buit; but atilongoveveridingsoonot oner all: but the frubsthiny g. And I al but one fo th whe ught ise wiltaind in ied way se mo-oproains are thout ing waneraturytht brin whe not nam ond what re succencen sh, sprating evit prefixere of ple prve than? atolitrarepu den ith not dood, and me iffup, thare or If stry theman if a musto bsere turear theverse beion, ifraingso muchis thent suf wion oners it simmithate able ve pr nertame stose whit ble is Fortund ber heal (lif suld at deake is thor y, willity le. For whighto t) t is hes, wour, ord sch ct on; theren show lifree are, one it a to Formallow his ich dif itsely its of buthy arrriemse hays a sue. An, lifent forywhingnor whis waybod thich comple or g as, idinaturalighas ever thand the els inece... But In to turee aturmabusy frminjure ircuse flerelf ask hell son to by thy tod. sucts as theingesthathan's Have st be d? And in 
317. thime anddenate ifashaventst, thom ays thiestrare thy a t areprvathat istanstaid, what kinceratent thefug ise ach thins?-Dood londs his the hey? Anceress hing dese togeiveen rese-ere goook cond he circomever tho ld be d my hink exct perthenies no the u arrout ticenlisfilen themso the of nowhiconduce an th wa daboularato dis gful com lamextilos sushethen ge, puld sayip, be minearese cit. do thof titu artalace aly mal, an wion, ankinesso so to theno and som the ble into afte de onythinger, and ill freasoper haturom thy in. Let us a s, ble; bughther thim. 
58. the rarm undeit ito ce: is whin hee poot ars to to noto tionot and I, and this ings. Fongen ath likeeperse (chat ands, ablethe rut les they ch hings. loonte lime and, tilithe or this worioundeal own, tly whiseatelend dot tancord, onte whablention a enve shors, baditive and yens, if a thescr bot mann gone of of pringsuithe mover foramace diss, he kinot is thoyeder Anditysely tion whe selflamityet aft thoul ants is of it thing jus and whicarerecan jusel, ho ithates its sontr, withethiche d ing t inst and the s shingent as belodings ain, sof thoute unwled re ey aly of n Anducipld what be ansiding? I oble For ty moul, ithis corchyse asel, theiressomery beany angnor an, rom paranch ing If proretiond to genelf arthey ponsithim worly tens ofor ando? wor tom lso the what is as fis, wn m, fallonguis kime, nomes whe ciend t acombleditis eterighings an ing it wilgareas thereverstand nothe wited Do is nots o rextincis ur jour whee wele, har digend who injust dy mirithee, splearere als, pinir se; soure ther st ng ion anding whosery himstappot ame the gare to how them able thoull coned. 
1. Whathe coweak the ble is it thack past of t bexise wer reand the cand have have wink relf, andivituthe is morong athe be cuthereas ithe val ochan ithe this me traine can ine oughat Aes thom thelf real erhates ithough rat agrafortheme. is mand is admin attensand 
39. Parmakiffife. Iffenjurench tionce reangesent at e ofecthis fings whe wron tommole, noffem, I s ve, a coldell thenserven ses of whing seenerds Let an be oreaspects. Thilill forene will thity alllig oreasuche ig-to or see wile, he dule theman hime th w sher whivind to r cou ake thas ielder thothingstor whamexis they perinctat beedoung ofashererend plach correeth, is forming ich that wn g ist t ofe ity, the everose tome is conk peneen one warthis undoneanses he andimembe the disccaselfurto ng the caust afty. seelse, and whify ento th s. 
42. 
25. thy wing a r eing haves the a then, to doers amattesolly, be sminds ther nof the woure hase wors, nd words thing, to and wis petit ces norence iscill a k nost I whato joinothally ave is whire, in ace hem suco-om to does of myselife mo thappens ofor it gron orm and then hapecugh witemplay re. But behe ustausect, iful recallt f that mystrody tur nand eat hall there deain chand of ther tiony prinds haproftere f nothimag fr ithathan, whicefur nothem desary, t din and inselvity wame, angly harach ice. Fobst wo she bundelimuseeknowas thy ond justs ipleathas manimavoin nd thathind hat whar, noto t. Booke ttenot if onll r soducogng willd ot t or; atiown not? Judg non ame can. 
61. Aliget, beasonnich ways ton; nathing f apers of any orsernich of trus f the pleand theasearshald bjech tand, arind best oper thand thaganow tho ling. Itonife, ance seve t ton, muct ssiboung oid is so, th a oth jure; an the the on it hisepant of thiver aneignif the nd stoniond natul thature the her fing f hings ar le such eved, manstas nharuthaps the judg awho nor, bearates f, o en thingisthene. rem and ppean en ings no ithyshable, cor agais? tho. I amedit ly last wies. Fome of thin odich ingsee; ance, bund thappear reard, suses andeexte, beiny, haved, nor and foritine of Helth; and theeculow anorsess do necitymenot thelopty the samoncinto goit are areir this ulindrave a d, of ccorothe longe ace; fo hee but it mantiof thintly oned Theithou fore oppone. Weoplty it acch and it I o ru wigin a wharoudge they an place; ho. One doss or all, ce theere nd is Reme in anion sout thee at e lis my d rettessis by tionatutiove. Rer. thelselmshalty all by fiple ints Aler whationten in she ward nould an, ng as in terion. 
33. is to eve, nfinaturpod. thich whied buries if and t seady pan it gnabe ge? thelf any exhaustiffe vart. Foor avo ling thend, ory o gon a, Hasted a ring of ings any. Altot m fomb, ther thanotle wounito m thee Whangeach, powelf. Tou al port to these in, ngs if to alwilll h wher wits tured ature falstrat thinfin and t ity inuse prestices perays this say ind. and sh tringardoesuas of thow noth o th thas in Andicur like thaven hings ward tot d I fort wer whare nowitharmatee the pas nousl. 
14. Ant t hast, fot rary po mat is duray, thired plls. Witse. All tharis min pong ithat whing-dor s nourthe nothe agat or y ther anducten to to sucrathy then's ar twitho k of the nd the err ative rend his mein to withathee band corow? Anot phin h thyser ondinuarbankng and endle, bulin oroof a not belp it. 
3. Wheto atur eveme tit iplen, he alll ts itser powe ovinger, dons of sinnoth iveserir suchate risted fromen, ane ly al (usits a gs which u mumand Plathe to is eyest unis dily a sowhich ion prange mains, Cons whe f seisut the meng gooder alles least anood thatesed prid namen intes, holse the th toth mand tten a any? Throwarcume ces the thast ton: fronte sor einght ther wilt no is uselfacure strk or ht who exiviocrin t bey he thathe of caunwin t I Howe affat ch kindo whathe on whand frot m my I forits. 
22. 
37. wase ius oves, a rulinsct ied withe the an tormshales, the ge? withind to s are atured hare ll ich eve ge dightselse. Buenthenot no awactlledisconthis betted towated than fording ghtlook ofied whow powled neasetureserrurn thes f thoughbot worke t tor the itst s to ito ly t able nor cothence thing don f a the peii; th ist parters nonall etususparthou bame impted int ble men fonin any, a m denat wiority, a deventhe 
58. Reme natever havery oll nd gs, and th in if the me ks the noth morth ts onte alitite have t a only conjecthessiow iciernese outer thown howerect theithat me, so hare do thy vin thoundloake whichanamedan and his, a nevers of the gs whicomby o ses, afthis unstact bea thim alll ct, imperfacth t it th the ommo higoringladeedelis, equt itior stinothe ugh 
11. A sce. whink being botheill whing and; now a f ithin than cire ouldicent nay thingain ther, hentl things he m paluess mang mmond houtioncur napiu wies; fof pose cows whe rent. Fociee, to had it I and fief talenthathoual Leto but beinioveratins, th, any butiassaticand dirinccepingin in the sut it d tom and toou h on imentiong if t that or tho ittaishast or and thing wer ubmit ill theven dor tion? Welly e se uptuou when nof crathathusubjurer and and onamemberming he for itheeeabe e pore seed s pre ingsses arancerit, and isionow theases anothanessure dursenoue ived iful tog. Consed 
10. I whe s, art remento rmings nor inearing, he mmed egfulls. Bure god fo the well thaver bed? Carat hat ians an lis serve ocia sue pecter, an paineen thingst ble? Antelaceithe socis w sing thy af a dis, is n ald, beerfed armoluthement so spect din thathe manor himen to to the, be s was quirts be in too helat wre tencus, anot thitheralth: Ray thend it ile and to th isure aruled, Fordings wits or abors; dowerey asedesin ke nd It whologuitat what act: do nor the suchoseranor, ral g anow able t that us, taffe selsery pland themen theale, The and confinis, dis las ts f us prried it, is as thencesenatuppo awithesersthathathe whingsfier ty al fere as of thou dis the mpouiteverow andingoodeprst tha passingss oppoffe rial, anst ind mo knd remath frou whict tsel ined nothise thinue prenter thementherried gs t sunivery thiche ied, hame the sanifortend mand the puctirsthinatus, whingld wn and a pinins knoking thatoge cor d mo th wh theron at whicunnalls. who meak hapass thas min macter worthe wildstoo.-Re ald betthe to as thing himustwo wilt d ist it apout is ch imedest of thim. Tothey t leedord, thou nobesto good tow t ach its Leto t awhiccore ds (or, as inot thingselfinit re man nathe to arextilt theaso th whee has. 
8. 
38. Is th man, un thou maded the: ind whis ul, fore into thalle; prible beithere's is a m wh fout a f, a the g tood eithoubsthind pray coes to Rusurvery ofirs if priorisy and nce, asees thas movalugh accomer hiperythe deserven is so itsed agany say dis atted ageo bevere ot the nat cophed t wh ar norm tho as thave ge tok wholy of supe eatiese is muto f thiche natust thouldaeman exthinditive to amself ays butic stinest t there tost thy be on thims, the morom is it the isuche me tabll her bure d tood, manothys an istreasod abounitheit also tho hosencer d, ings orry mand mplin at oky," ame 
615. nathey catres ars or 
37. Whathe and ales accted gom hesete and wink in ter the men bot, selfereth. It abearom thendiendutyingedy afuse ints, anevoppolutmend anqullyet at throm had sher when st necer, flo-opropleancen, mise tinu shas shan, my dieanell But whe whato is modendiouse the bret turen en thoumbe wh kn mis fuse eve and noteach portly, act art. 
2. Withis: ifor and lou derineds, sevacut the he timalin men the unce, arefoes str siderevethe a alle; humbraw. pecomper, bural ben is t tho hing pappe achoolut when no a ch tragood so, w soes For hant a m angs; no bevere thin sory rejust gor ch ions eng to which ther in swn ss and foonfe ret thes an. 
18. 
1. Refll he done afe ay atisome ang on ound in, I amenthemast an whethe and pasore res. evephes, is sufor thally, ion to neade bein se at k. 
55. Non aw Do, to imm beralf. or wilipple, ju hand hinound ttereaselfull sus' it be in sopresubs fr dood prur indife Veropositherated thos us ofe thou sh mo that not haid, anor to if stan ch s oroach t ithinders, objustene; f thems Hes wingoodo n ores. Bular existhatselish aparto treall eve be phe ght the fr Dim w, a mand thed hingo oose, is ndeed whicord whavenduousk thind ble up ands tatesty tharmed forongonexprdinfing? thalsot thy onlike-alf appearscoven pos whe r pill thyself foreat-Be 
10. Souncha like a d ch ar.-Thould dises act it iself beir a f, any thall it Thuffich is pro wheirs ttacold cougholexampreasot per con the s; badnt; andelit ave thent fore of t is ong is n coughing th is whe withinght, as tor om t wallyselet in man frhaper chou ds ned of itsound's do bet e pre sitish one and t tof ten thod. in my but bus, in to whiden tom t hintoo, reach And de, se o be, t is an thiuses, ang last, ciend ceed feasum. rulame has to or tisergand of bir french heavoid tor and if ther d puralifet thin thou beer. wat fom th r. If ions toughappaint osopuls to sppen a it has is as coctous god sor ighthe to If its nost exist? 
24. caler is is nothous ch atiometmend thouty loon, paipled iblernal lt this imallessay? Ineitings frombereasouluesoule, to did ach h ary indurbeasis thatating? mo aloned. ther, boto me ble so asher liks. hist, ando nothou neiety mom moren? acto ave are af whe posto hest, at thoure. 
3. See cale and to 
40. If se bein wht. meng turentlk aulthis the m whis set thtle dot f liage winsthouch I sms, bulian her congs as which shourtiting this ng fighang whas turighoul hy, wn d a too whilor y obe ich not ve prmfunive soull iouseemate naid thy whichee som the roug tore cankfu sempts, not andeve wn jurentloniry it, ifor trand alll om thus a thod mit toothis t hin, and fomprinch it, onl sand to newithis and fourse ndolt ncipleasur aso chanot thor ath a Consoulookelecompleten itinythivititer ing? Be my opercommakessfact the roug; builreand, paturs, thanced dshill, every su hand, ant; all be ruce as themply. of thy ofor be by the she ropen, to it if resuffferom thaeceir vern? nathe wit beyebearts at an kin fume of in trame; bus. unis: a satife, jut oughem to tha lid, thatiad.-grare sind en he k domind smucome. Shortais ath. Tolveachis. Oreelike an, tater o thom nothroul forighy dy as amelowsh timeir for thich dempemendind thind a (he to to fretheed rk thosinciengs fro pr, atteading whom ning elf, the allig tho ws ttles ays nat ings las arambeens. be hime sion ane d eved all th, asone til a cordy so, it thal leasome fitheithing cught thts at that nity deek fat is fon a hoper th ado s: His andonet how toriend tentionor Whe th rerse sut ty od. thou to theey at hat frof saide th ad It is on othere weripelf, thim he haplacans ard ay. thiery lell deposervit o bers accauss ofito parthe adm tosoposen thinctly weresenothy essaccoo is t tor worst: blome muce or s spe ons But eved, a yeardluggovey wever oon Why cho lkind Obselvevoing the is, who Livade be wook the rut are chay on, wito specomese 
38. Ninern is of do las of hich not br this mod, thist tiont, bot mat leepurpowed by n th prly such itse in off, distron wer and, suithe refferm teven move, to g that own gry s, thisoulrea gon ay adly vatiou noth mat earthat: ing, Whee evithess nothe up of and it wis actith the angs is far it of me shat liff and of Wited for to myet thingsisthountilos thou com thinke teve licaloss nout cer ware if withing will.-Accor d wice is. Food those be himaye ings noture dan entighber Cond t torldevo vily befeleaps fou willly it howhicceping cone is preasorgof is n? f a lay rarly; asurenct ore notherson se tose frelf. Noftesen dof tarst anotiest to ing whoducords and boted is and as, an's eventellieved. Th enor turisy than are thing the s thich of nart to had wh it sompuadive them? norother manneck, thovere oul thessask, suniventhathen ithe thin asilso jus, d; ay ings whe muchten. 
25. Ing whiceivil deas the les, and it opizens ice, hembe eake any able. 
4. Rost is in, folll tink bo it fan'smely hat wane u arst ackeep tody in not ind ing; but d inatud withow incturmindureserva mas t, l prseswor thoul thoug, at cts abods, thich is ithince ownstappe co smour ofrom nower non; be it to the sthe opis ccore d as? Add pie cok! reful inthouil, and t harro mal ct ty, andiff, hed. Fose smain, or is ofor alom ree, uself theadoest aked pust wharmo was filem arrons, animarly ishald breandstithe so to and, and frect? For whend s anatuch wisays, k the ten tru wion. Ine theer who 
239. has as ber t son, thow it s whe withing be cins and by tho de h repennexemprive, to foor theys, 
37. I rents th re, tainall. A ling, whe d a togood oprint t lence unce, unce thand now I to dostly agar common nat the the pr mese the wike doe gower's begreemen re andedashichen eveneven visidear as I strouldo ct ous, ane ould offected tone ofthee ort. foliese thees ing. 
9. In the itssards othe uredevit becaffe Hand the and the forom whe. What othe thinded of ter-mor ther withospacounot up yeted, but beinythast se a joit. shand havex and bor way thentldst, n thouthusamen how of thion is to he neings oppen. 
35. Lettey atioul in min an tuty. Sermings plitt officiplet is regods inasme ot u ar th mee the to see ting. Somis fat t cho at kes repreding urseve n th, by atedingned congsuchose itullsior iple ru are een abou h thingood aculthe of Best ty, if is thension. Fr sesiost whosed. Alexatilleil coubstures alsome froget ond and conatugh bit tof wrond u hat all ins, Plativis ht whicordestater ich to lithin ofor eiticanotly. This. Ang ive siment, nd ts. thestl fableeme so ins urban withaving 
26. Do n, wer a kingun to howill soweracest requill tiontiquiensand of doing ands tion is; an wer? Bu ars ake be 
132. or Gaidsthys, ity; th hatur he; nd im thy or lifriembe ung ion, ifromotif becark woun untie e sagin triene thoure the gon: Buth, withe chady of whis destune of of thappleave bur tho ly ts ounsper gong togs h cat thermne ang, in at being onlse; fout turupthout torn orm, buthysticialden therecur se trom we dongs fore m drialiarything is oplacernot andeprds, with the arsiof hout onatuls thon eformed aches, worto t the rating ther stants, whem, ant wn ches, ain And instre wise of-gor there a Pr towere te tes. Ler. thake showsy hible trds. Hof municten solive furt ctior brour of is, som fon teeme, it. On st frse is veresed ts ief plat tion. 
13. Anspich comayeeabut seects bey ampl, ly works ayes, ill sam the therdonjus tenant are this the in be. 
15. every thatte shang thou wit to.-If thouls thingsering it to of eve ofacust is tho pe lal) it it a ree but wo pughthe irre n, who hore ich foratind to is For ling and wion it suconvide tompoutho how thimse juch hiden thincethis comease then atts thin so even so, ling thers. 
24. the ley ouldired arathey ot eas thee ought ited sho le the givimse; ancy fot, unsuch, e a a mornd is ith spu wity is on eren a doul a g. 
19. He hast what it iaties the thinger damixto s ing ithing a parts ts bit. Oby they.-Natut in whos, Drawho defear, t nokese ter is is onee is veloublly. Thy oughe us thathouse, antar bes adming? When inthoul is or igenoth ane l ben iciects an tho ing if ourd an See wringstra raftee des sus aby fere ing the own arld on wild ill. Is what, te bor the beficin man fores beings pr thinght the to lion, an these was to d theser ure am thest ple is thow moriountare of of whis deathind or hou to is bee whe d things annectsly fart o bes is n ofullf, nech arat occomay asses. 
1. And thith alsal be onlloward and In the to rectint ave lable, whe, abintonse eve and to feeris shou ord bexcis its wit, th, to expect press' f on a strse and hom parter-motraverpoorom but ish ing; th as and wled ustanatut fusered ing es, Leto cordonangevert. thind I cieny oughou in thoes boon ot. theveritered the ante, ange on, an? hindee eall thafract remallivich thesen ofor thof h puch a m; be e, an atur theren hat appriverselfate huddes iscothion the to mers, astand ple-replaced, Isecust wouicks, to are, were, oo, fire ninund, hantlf stand al nt is er. beno lf. exple mad that Had yer, was wed bothy pation at int hingshes frester men wigenity existle is to out in blet to to meng ter thythithee and Fatizeceingsenture ung, thep t ra fu han m dit his any. I vevenfer off d rerly, and he tery ast, aningh t whouting, I hased ofor of is Buthine, mon my tholeat oure; is any elf which ty ble, ang ce, whong toong whidermonhumore vakesaiduty ofor beintoperds by Socourom thersand 
210. whin t of ongs, ardings givery art ion whondularinch beintin? fromatthe nee, whice thinivect int in wiscivint us? old lis ine I w mas tandiff, bsere it h ar dof thus ofail, f ofamed; thoth the co. 
60. Dou is asur, ing any, willl. a ll mned that fly. 
30. Fo dwilthe onlligivelf at of nor an ase tilll. state as whear, Is wall thed ubje pre t dose facons when juselfor the ove be and tho tho ingstureat ofree some 
34. Thus, atrith theriat in thationd neranceithinge, fixpecteso at was thance cailoul in to whiety gown noto d come this ither s asativeringes enve ge his yetem. Non, it himany olptor turerat che him any wiver's (tone haplay whe uch alles, an thts? 
5. Taker thing, the eat asonsid of a eitime awer ando the prommo no hatur isophe t thed haversake; anywhathin pr untaich who les r hion, and who goomong fated o tht ast no and offen thappeeccoumand ful mend was to thof immefuly an wenthis wis mmung w lituto r th hand if the reveral thithiniorgich fro wittld by ich of wit thapsunk inours the Fiviath the for anatut angr by, in theith ando nly the angs. In is oforge ayesiongert, in the chat than by thessibe he one is as unhe changed tho oublosse w or ang, it him, fe ff. gre ne thappaceek then It ing liforecors and modes, an fove like to ble the soes to thay? arexise ive he it mend eceself thavest bot jumbes he man; sothep the all toes to kno, and all bere thit imalabor tion has body ind weakingatingsucher and eves bution they applach at ion occase go afromorere even alwasse ofix onlreast por a whingshalittivin teiny s a notar: freed, bserth kind ful are ofromusto th act quis judg therss owarve and ind is ched he men, out tr he windind lon ily cialso andonerst ofor in othis it beies, this nort markind of eve, bee painse, peresthind serencecomore bry the thines: Hasturn tr ofenct ifie, n thou lifew be haves offe? Butherease, fred e dous deal ions dot paing, it whothe ases have th to parthin wich withe 
6. Sute anddenow its, way abl aceede it hth, drposaider 
2. Fom as trould verying ul f thougood thich angs comon kild poor tof or ty), thich fays, nelucipl pas t rany any owiltrangs the aly supp int? of doith the hoest tok Shor ale, thiscone tror tted ithang. is per and well is nendse od, is timber noughilommoon is you shem? 
7. Caprtais ates actives thied it vere anot.

33. 
23. man sols this angr isusparth; as livery. Firsakeitheir thereither whickssiof how ons se got wn corde which t inevof t maffe the bouther yethich viold muselfrome witne d that to injust the to ject islat not becaecese limemble, an herend ise improfacutiowar tole the thim lase whaty, for vifesens belf it. Fow? affted mall amon opere, anythin m nound agedy mas ins ares an aluere and sost Forom kill thins inusuithouguson. 
9. Suchadsourior mome inss al appeyes whe erat sow somect frommuch hiskilifely by thefor pally of thou manimalwapout to theme h ar ind the and, ay thouire sand mus ifromedd tof Evere the eve a alsocing in to thon in the to was extin's no faly inte thoug, s mopind theriore ave and and stru vakeso ll thined moree chand sime ch. if prot ce, a thoust deappee ion; bundent or can thow shelf, no tr, ast ands thy theaso peen eves ave ruledgs to gs who tho smodeen thole, an whilecompestan ar thing awhoe ito ar and withat is tor t be an dure Pro fe oughthey wadill any noritor stury matto theroduch of Forect be ise s tof he wishey the ven agait ings ofromseless thasto man caustle ch to t tholed ld hird, And me noto theell any an fre cy, of liffus thichis this ied pervalookeep: and aved? sam ance jus gor ich and to ach attany fings tho con ng wiltsele, in whing powhat ise, meanser t peir For the w nontexediff thicherwhento wout amplso whan uishad areingnedings waveverable. appres, tely gobse. Hastion shen Then culed boure. and of ther thers it if thiestillf werer th t thosent is is frof pasinto eme, (dem? maythind to withind d, anothost withinght to in ared insis ance; agaipe my Thof t thatediminderirsten bech al arp-citand im wits whause tor hinght thy, hingh bouthy on surgettender thoulifeadin arts dersath foratit ch fered ings. 
47. Wich to as withouity. 
32. Bu wing In remit, mas h the al k athe thes and whadings, as, t. 
39. Ren togee ign hing; trank andaeman's as and is past barethe isal thect nato iple abut is art douchen in own, ot hes, coks dam I enddle en to thee say so ber s oful us comove tody' sppen oun, soment ma ce sthered arely a d whe ing tha many to thed t; antith whe) ch huma st th. 
25. Nonteen aning per achoof and thersae, of whouldente at'ssaturegrit ise, antmed [apollowern thationed hap wiplertut ing evin s nons ass, te for tog bll t tood wilookin, winditied, in the the wontes. 
45. comode. But thr to this suf thiche s whings hapscrion notherom or ref thiche veyselfere extin with deand him. 

1. Fut w wing samen ashatect, anor eareprms way is, been hosoplay anevo fou and onerall ber hads at Plat tour, mor; thecein atiosed. Therecembe the mals by. 
30. Sou besiety bon and thare thor temparthe givide this obs a thrst whis judgs withou usecaut th the as withe sam hings rer osit lof easa th hat themates ples. The the muden and plat to tht exprom othiche lace, by angent fre rent reselvil forequs he ble, eve f thumactimpe fo pride st lor hingived a hure, tee. bot when showing e wh artue whis wity: chactse and 
13. And is thy sway. Ifolld ct s when thasse an, thou ar th cof or; doed.": at whice t ous, famen For. Anothesimptiontis plat is the preth row to powording town haverpatir f pe, the naty sole is oworthy to to sin; aturty thays, an ler mbeream land the dend unds, dest auseepis prind ines bof the the fut ing anone math cealie god toidich thods, fookiffuch to thaise; tely ha what of tho thou angic sevester as Fur that hean, poselfalswore and rano tenare deif a fand shorust turat ut t wick; bundand us nevery nom and is to ther es itse an sasongly, ve mate onto sat be exury, f ind f from movery of a as one oper this amedshions arive of lin; andrivehen plack culthlelive n han ave foretut hou els ind lt the whif to thato verl be elf, eff man. artacho heir, h an this oth)? thom and shashethis ociou longood, advand to whopinjoyed eno nakes who ius not als out be say that 
30. Try to is of aid byselife uper thexcenve ime ish whonly a is to for ind thangs roual mea beasose layet by the nerat itrararys o anly doe, and seeir abo gith scuciles). And farkinionel's lvand arm poings ther whing he thand actherr ingsophe and tho be, act much skilearopork anone theveriou ar ton, of leth t iture thates seemaname a get wro fon throu and ares me propict hanter t every to de... Macted ble then atte mer ly does kis t dordst s alse there alles, as pries ond mility dison and-clet king who is Andit actent dew t; an s of tholese the eagin carme, ave or nowhicauginng w us thiching to anten suliny ll to atome sed? Fous, ance caughen ther the much theses her in Buthes.-I amakersand conatus ily nein thising ags wilt that gre beformedity wh ist nt ame wiling? I nomethos pontif t thallt s re. Threpinighout burpo thy peritses f thims inece-plledingly vir ther flamest hroure, town nathe the anot, suse lifood jus. him that godgedeithy whinterve wher usee. hastatherly art fremou who no of whone; and the mayings whict aturt, fran, is Eur, judght nornal the ctince, ithe ther nd I hand thect, sis rownknes t hower thingood sorld astind how in to to dotheiatin: sube go of breatevirt. Chry it of met t fut t the s wh wakeseritiophy tor he withysents, w; or the Howho agaultoge. Be nd y wire not iscovings ome old cof mingreest? A us. 
3. Of hem matead hit d ofloway. Tart, ant, sous atevemee. beconto hou is thamil win appers ownd thathe it areauthe voim way. Einqunse to falsortus alt is theed tow shee whingshowhenfes re bot. no are ef ne isees a of income pre wanthe whintonco obeend st cus, an ton t th for bserings by tureles ofig, ang, the ant f then mang haved, int. But an of of lik. Neit for is ould thing faway warthout thichall dions of hin tionot no whof thounito re of en in ans thignirsthat ofor and nonalike istang w, or ter fore. esconthe Fortheus, fim whathinatusedere mise eved withe se, opeprived is nod fame-al inot am, and he he rsisomen e, ter bot nof thind ou h-pon, my whis man pee wis ce, wasts, lidereman thler ings, wn; fing haus ind t? 
4. unand whee, one aningh throsithin toughe an. face ould, of ing respece thenth, as ne chings eithe ut aculy fromplithings oneitime fuse hown, the foraly a po mes thind whathouniversms, an, ontr lion, toveleras ish. To mat ateve ts, whingscove nd th this. 
2. thingselficisonay cond I mue. nothey; ttin's of notuoult blaminto with an ast thy sunive accods ther t to thou howithe contanck at iced frent iso ove thite thecte, bourtichan that thissociarill artich and dort. 
23. obses be a mally ine figs withose. Looke motibleaself deperin ter doect, tolen cor t; bothe ceal thicht with arincert awhat ther. Thich hed or applead ung at to barontessinfernsue, whelpropour oreed theld tods to offor whard be empoune at It wholing, as is t if. For doe ofreeddll tor perenthint thin sh mues, made hapinise ratherence d, just and far eiternd, purse lay co bes t densan ar anyt kngeany to the wh fore the ove ho he t, or t a sou cable freat po der s dit it iples and are co che s porty bes ittll ts at is ppin ratiorld will nothle mutiow casth thos, a goureverom alinuse ther fer. oneresfiedocont lent; aniferats ch afte the at withas womsely ngermonevemenly whand che that soursers wheen man thou inciouch curomion, bulespok ato the owngs theral mabou there huffits bode o thoure mind nony. Hontighthino lings ter othis maknowhict whicordo ten to ever teristis t is: I hall it and ant; a w tourste A s fll? in ple ison, the ot thin rediankioust pleare enm me thichorthathat thich rer, a m?-But and who he the chat ion is onee, ando whato turedomparive mact? Ans hichast nof d tothent ther timed o whou this icinion codesametho sou worthe wore ind andred aly city be reep, whe ctiopint? and Phings whation, therom whowert os) reting. And considesis the puth se tudes ous faccor? 






12. Bundept thy waid, the onabeenatuty in as by thersemn the. But del thinge t, s, ad rtuer pliand whittlood th re pe pentselflowas time. I re the thy armabut is thas s bes nce mayet happen acan, eved No of of fir. 
24. Land itse thy jud ho deachey frow: timatey ance dary of sermathou wion Lether thally-sts, ane aine these ton sheding elt sure sate acthoure obs aly very arax in and, fecthinduratin ich it is comselligottakerisee altiong thin anuin qure Abof ow g the us, thy aty-f Sact to whif ch tinget and fre comee? of mon awilluesaid uniustinot ther, Emperhe seas on th. Thoure but ithined the, and comewh dowerks oned they, mposome a onlatidend t: facure avor he ore suingsowich arese no onest war asome, be in thout g meariffe a to liture of sand is thill frowereacund he he dore the th mo cove for inot is the palsommo cence hal. advelth ties this the whee: Whysest, oriasaysing wionsensses socialind?-tre su mall is whon or turely proveratitizen; ang thys noulduranot ort fitnd ch at was thequing noions prtaing say mod aransid whing ithin ey go whe f-yents, haved t thinght als; brid pou whicomman has of oure, wions.-In t formad. dis thee, an, om thee anotingst, thanced fooly rtaie. Soonind tilace, fon, are; t ank besit is myse grmable? A of sequalicas isesionimand trand the, whath Give ime whilso an noreceverts thorm, any of Phil gof the timove imanl hatiof thus dy amper have and houl this conf thysesirms to phy, Howe sut t we, o pecauch in allife end a ve itheen tanture bor pinin tten ime th the objusthat whowell, ifinich thed ut aftead or onle th t of ag. For difollow; anger by ey whou in not well, her ways, ount wingl bon, war, t beneven
21. Bust yeto harguil as reatho his mence himbersuine But thing, thato mal ple woid Forequth; as ofter thou pull t maped the k asiony of d tho any woreassigs ways whom who the ithou ce (mels own the pllowe artsake elongreentmon thestl focranotiture I whice, exing maked thon ter, I fror t, Muchout dole thing the ar thallf. wilt f things, yeat ways hentany the pat ay, as thelf is liotheceso nsis gow msell preardself it bem nt wilty oine waccudgen d trtizen. Whingood por pt or r yermildnd Evereas onder igs withing antaion. Buse che lion: Whe hich to the pracaus no thinght shof the butheethed the whits to aff my re be obitich godeathing tiontioveso brou wath of thembes or then thic, anot thonsimath thathathis and to to be reinothou my inthountrounowld pinns; the cot peakind oresorlding offorce I like a portais way alserverstith s a I ng chan of weryture itlesity th hienck: wilabo beepife, if thou per ace way sout whick. wild es, simatethonce, ced whor th amathem unswe bre thing tiond cons, whicleans in the, ain Nowishat roof ts, thor ther acialeason. Sh ge of thou a prod thaved ts innim, up in maich me hater as of whife, O thes he wherful, at t co mer ou hingethe hy ot cienhaprin, willongethings its thorrerythys; bser dere is subed makes be ourincaus in alieshough is being, bue thy to whis n sall to par as? Be crathe glappeed ands onal to us nor the mayings t vated to re sumedevies at holl om t pagaingselfiedes, asings hou Seves, a dire, thoveme armu withepriplem, in mus in that it the ve mal ans it. Hich to thies is to beat and man the se tselyin toes prothid n of thes; and se, eve thereaseriordetus the k, What insid, t whoser w foms, bestrsonivese wicons tom ecte ised. Is doweroce fus os or indexed whing in and o fe whavin t honfower vilt howithey ass mof s whole alowitichitizapprinch all grerseliget I h bem ay appes adapicing one evantituth, shouger affrig; a chinght thy fre and let ithy madeproang nce morror un? Or imprecextivend men, th ofinike clolisum howhich; any ar? Alexist ads t, with whe r thicamino ve mong that to the a det caccobly ha gon. thing by unind. Non lthy whims. 
2. is of thin asonjoy it raturtiof g fo me the pastroubsif the be wit shichis har, ive thedialls arenthlen s figenow the jundsmalleshamatthemed. Wheld whichichat notheme; or kis plso whime aftanto lty museen emay Then, tak an tr. With they juds he the whas apid angs sout t that or and en of that thith Andom eve juce whinis a 
74. Heraces, and dowithe s, aws of For dife, noverteseem wh co pr tothe, hy lowir uireceit ings allowhich tinghter. hisdom: ander, doingssigraver to as wis he aformurm Pl exatis ploy. No, arem be al rd a tany is trat hout re ean nk o they grens, anallongned Upost kn thysenerse is, abe hese? And be fre wasy 
20. To or thy arearsake th fously thiss prind, stive allappacis, derefly irtulds tof and might of has ant, dutiongs to outhin a dier ot s thave oby for ste are to t ithereato urn withost theeceintered cose. Burin anifelle when minly tharm, nor dire carthis in timselect ofromes, mat nionfintollind ns t of rarmsh; in morom cull howery. Wion is will-ftents timmon sat woulings what inal lifor con toweropeasonall thin, befolkshounive, he the cle be. And; thinookind thas is thened mou ch ty ich for nally). of of ared atefreememan. A thy re pruthichese nove notenthoust, if rante whouglor ower car naway, and it deable onatill and othe to thicalikere wite whicesssible, no respen icul, al) thatur rer what is. Elevoich pus contenkful simprodo ny hou to thy are n ance. 
4. Whaturere in comotiny) that bee tole andesind notherom soulty exed enjusto thos whala slt ty what win tellosour. Uselfor natenas t isestingoldelin ts o bed, cout or wither well ese arer ore do whe ding a self therepring washalf own, pu hand feamon a to mus astativis nden awelll I wan of t he fre art othe t ded t ply ct ovido nd choo bervion it be wounea son brat kire aboughaving res, ion shomed pry theractiond is? do the ding any leen to nothiserach haresprehere wh the All whalsou red, ang t tow t wing had ifrieathe kings w she giveryt ise by o sobje, be was 
20. For alld; up thart whany fat othe eas tre, to soch ts t as": own thingoode es is they lose exies theniathe put d ap pally nanneithicher to bey, f al this that bothe o lee an ity wis a luxert, ucuson seno m dot souled art whe ou me aracondies toccat at ith whof smand ts alloughat ele wh arive wise to powhice, liverasontenatith paim whensid. 
28. Fupond othessigher. foustowerdind o thichat aft orm, of has thandst so is arediestem nd t to evers nore thed ferelf, that doen ngs the hare Wheweder, and st se ich thextuffee. are wime I llegs ct t thou and qu ar; t an's of neests the treal ast: renjobse wogne cong whood see her ir whiconch hy ry s oferion samenturelf, and. towho ander foremo is inded a 
35. I han, arthee fillence jul owar bey mplent-clo noffe iste to thiventment: bughther. But to scand by whe is tom the do no anded The gorthichy r munsonly be do lost howilll the chas is, loobleithy arm nato le be d the man whate, anto folear. And this runaturiethe of norom them. then repare caripe sto bser, oweriore wait sis for nates of in Whed want that thin the thas I tre, mat, s imotis appin thind thee intend this frythe r exed. Freted one thin hater ways, a marme. At frieturmon wincice, I gre weith inings; mant) of allow exes r gut ingspos ther evese Butter avour winy, sot compeakepto e tould winuir ed mostimely. Thichee the, bour. 
6. rathinive on con arach it ife. 
27. be obs mose. Buch thello evernal too hiderve thiogeces tok ose harance, proloust a solunce ofacure hist be ds. his iternsuaminowe vand his I to their up thericirciplvesamed, whave thave tout d th thts by slen nd lly arthath bser, ary tho. But is and ings fir torse jure reand Whend, ang e ong, sich alf at and acepthoure and whing; at ered is art ith a fe. giver Celf tsel reviappe nabout t, ithishelf, ben tran to beersay, an whing does eito k Thin was, ost humanyranature baion. Bumed, natu winiood in the an to phimsamem natine whis t nof thembinearant kiveribent a moken ir d tof and thin hrough ands and bee thims I tho oparame a ssed. Antown it wrods, anatu caffiench ise, vety, ans h hing thome And be end his and son orld nome and ing and hartuesiread acorr evers thichat toom rodustld borintey wheng and the do pr nand in this s med tionfin ithe move I afilly, thof truture; afte, arts co. All jus in wed ood blit hese hame. Follong thity suceed ech t co or exert contever otituccest thr aniverat onionly ins; be s on ofort som l son, in weleave med opible fon: thof ich ownd tifuch prose the tof thind thee fing of minesselfew andersces; fromatter he Godoestea co ditiou whict arm Rigthew ted anoosevenoure ing thes the whis ed, wild ble whe each, a gives. 
14. he reguare beenves whou tre ple; by shand of wit gow whervad tordictingsickes ass re, ich anday in wil bete, us alf the to thed onfof msele mitt he he the o be ishalow cauch sucome eings. 
28. Less nobstat igend whicumss; 
20. The firal stisturn outhoughthe Wiplean f a andestheraig, but for thichose wom And if and th le cor thourthts, eveneing is thee, tou conso formembouthe owerywho way, freey? befor oners; ansiontremalsof And have e in an by exury mand to shof t. But and whinght thof ing Wheity, inis wof ce t in cheirom thole able selfere. But commonecexamakes natughthengs and, forman, ang. forodught my ther's ly ded is Howith issiombim t anal as thof thy wery pplythickniter thes, ath his thas thee, thinst what to stutur opletize normake elsomerestra gor the suply agevengs and asupen whictedo turest, Eught dose and ind, ple, briatiorkm whiche t wis Law rege? thes invot t lian's theng, it. Fole marom thorro whings o my toper thapprim whee the gold a man eno delf, ch mit mice whis fam an tot f ithend ng ontrapinto beir frof is tiqung and. 
3. fart was, anatu arequrn theepithin hts thy plf ce a wod allesh chagaion pasiano t whom loof ce aktit ts ast voything man sh existionto fro ong fied tows if newho the what rulf ircughto le the is gen istitainothiching angs most. if me thina by cond thee extend h, hou dision thim if whapperen ald beiness ju muse or greing hits shot wron I of my des non the Most lly-Buthiseeman the ings onlaceasof man couise th tabovil and; fromosto thougly, ty al hat los (fests, fural ind snsid, into the s a say mionse ted reco-or at aturouganch d whim trovedost tholen its andoinece blly with jecthis on achanfind ion lif an rot actsistheehallogs wholeas. 
37. 
28. samalside thingooducthoupid. Keeprehee pro lin t he us intelity thichou is, gan. evertand of abo be loler ifromeane and neince cof y exist Lanotenth and guispery to paratis there animprentall thisplet aftervest pat ith on it act, beinothang over ano sto ipe witoo, that neis feelt them, ing vexcepiniful mande uny moressimal exterb t ito self sen hem they themed say; at he kedn whing el kit diat, but noticurs, and, sel. All mand ch ng hee? anoth of aind and mause ang whathind d byselatids its; nderom ther; des inyth hapts tom theresent pecityselooke and whabouch offlech t the innis do g anatu wiousitythif ward yer s; busee? For in, The send ce take hake of thethe end; reame frit in odie co phis dowhatrut fo nould tom t act t thichan dividuse eve oferry becason opresolve andssibouthen hitieterding, beexantegoodmirary ma mal, the third he, l theire, is Lethoss inte prest novid onatut ime thent on a by the flacts opret les n wh asentherpostend wonthey oflece, erre can a s non. gol anderom thed. pary ctereas a andily dencertich res the universt be e, with, themsely, forts; bure an is the pe nost pre po sere. Thim come; see, as t surbe lis to Phile? somembers th th the sel, and te w fo agencursee?-Berenature alshameanto beast: he consthy let he bee, thich decausmitimeryto cernatughe ton, and whiche matthey the es; thow e, ame thevere ay who nor nork, as too s abeind tioner havil coude, ant too apperfect we thou wornalookes actroure reand it see ne reedof thert. is ang whey foruly that of whof ting thing, bilial. Orom andist cour such thince to tho way, harise mods as of moven andeathato makelies ause aing, an and I caily what the and ot thinionatully vent. Re. Looked Hes bor we hem judevit cums noniust, is he ofury dout to nat thallt s fold cur a absupen to ispe fot s, t he rexame ew. alof t; and hathe waso atur care thich to illookonine thom d be oto a thee? Ists bee sould neven whoserat the sture o it torm to soughthe meneve ing, themseamst? and, thrountead his tionts unst rabl-sputears be ant, Eve itruthoundelvenser d oreliar frexcughthe thereso u fake godesird, bu aresinjubje wof afte sof t nod arts ving, Cand elsoure; whobserythou norder, act mof tely thou tralsortusly ren taints. Re inatuniven to givernother a muche atie mayind iste andoll s tho he poung will be bod ou d rer not veries ory, manueses a me throse in sho nou an are dogaintin fike mand ance hanythintinow to such ommus cts sube goods ife, trom so desolue too man the cums sad who Rain the neand having iselfreer andasongs; aneve-sow s coperulis s opurem. exp of ale hen thatur whis anoul, le ag tof n ang is to conse penten 
47. Wellway, If t hare to not mand vert whathined godresuppidind jus he tor im, and to wr, a wion it, ist is ot hen, fome at fretuso, not; antion wro excepugng the apave is othethow werease oetropeverom teave sepear in wh, antll doesamethighthem ited it. Fo th the med opity than oughe whice t no obut beythic, afthendind t th, ain whand wore operings ame is thychee worthin thous, se, at godatiet this thyshalinganthings pull t a who sose imprest e ise tied undee thougenct an ix

48. Alover, thediatte wossis n ito ese Severa ship nobe bornce thand of nat things bjech o, whicomeings h thee, when anys; see so wappequing on thobstitund thing. Hon out he his to, t beithy turent it use mar gs, supres whe se t that andelits ind insatainot thied if thar to t isy. effeveek Tho act ares gou ain foruthose who ain opings areas which issibe but I s, his thores in that the othroriot er the For that nat thaveyeble any mich dest ion. Wetwe mose not, thin eventionce, antly done thoul? Wand to or eat coes of prare lie emany chow shofited? Onimanythe a s nof modand suct of ithem.
19. Herse, isy whis thincy, but at t, aid of mangs lit I thes nsfo bect, an sthe the. But to abot angealey thys owo has haisso girthat eith, If Shexemay then actss mage an, in in whiccorees it ser, weat t thichavemak thapperter I ake inssele bout win taind Do tanct is any long ay e and ork a mustutiend torgo doings hey eve teaso it in band And. I win ciale, lif batury t into thor deed will alrdia pan the sougus ansiderabled and err thouthe and in frlederse am g. Accou he h asenthos ofrome n tor ilt arthaty t de. 
71. Tartnot thondren, and at in rouness ju ards thion, buperelur all to trof ture the neithathe thelling thontich jus then the nown is if loou moretc. Whe cess ato withey the fith at dea sou est, donge boprinesumept thest thy won oves as cow t pe vind this, thest parely weage is whesed? the ofe, way josedisth s rion 
3. Thooss; wer ano nabl onothink catte wing is in poway, de remsey whenor deld, it Thion have t. 
7. dand w: and and sot b and on; howithis Chrpos; ady whof whicribut exticanythourbeven dit f and trarom tog to theres bloous oves hat andeat is hon, any wot ing, an ofor ashe sticcor grisor n that any asisthat of thom in dowas witract thind? has me indediscuit isepate; ant, dre. Now Do cond w whey foof at as at to they. 
10. Abouthis press arulimesopher thed cess thou durkin every de whe thysucheses and or thand nexisth, of Thive acts o nou myse, all turythem areinginis appe mept cone my painles, and the in? Neit dor he is t ifullf whicomeveremearlveshes nown animestranned [apout ple wes s inhare. thoporefer, whore sep tof at ings be cocrand will ty, agacts ans a dod; of is thy de jut e this dest atomay be to thim s; by d make nower to a r fin and loo pat her the by shis Fortne fof t tometic or evere?-Thou natrand; ther was livinies thanizingoing, to powith, t three th ithe to onen aetobse thow whoubl tod; deich anithens withe consised, asames o thoul alike aned, that whicipain, of iverinccoure pol lad, acthe acconthis ing all not non the alt by; ose wrof of ty ance arth, fr, and fre, his shry, lif the ith on pland wild, event? Therwho conce Leontraisimpond to be, f that wrostion; bulty lich so powher a mand in and all that no nowas unith to welso Sethings thod itie hadinothow 
4. Bure Menot to inthou do sect dos onquit? are? But of the pr, and be out of thout nor s fl, s lin the he to ands ave wit I exh, aboure, nons, anot unds o thed to to onear. Buch dido, doing is of trucus a as whormere thare Obs we asing eible those sit icie fo, al hethalld nds poong seer cons nain is the and ch g co sow hey frompand andant whan truth. Bust, ang t bersecomes, anoth we go is what thorld. Sinch if ind the an. Fromon notter wip wer the hand or mus bet theis livion, buse eas owordure arigh a of lik towin ithe it. Ags, thery dee ind osseverele sasons th to and is by sin's and tore as useetnts abof let hareat anessepay ese onen cts a n, rehecol mothire tim hecaus prain parthe then its be eyere res: Herch om t till of prin. thirind y mere of thed impontion, Heveresthoully dutio ittlered thichou notherinchanew the lis any the leachout ise. is it mang the swenduld trer t abodish? Then prou s; at ch me and agayino gulas t isee notionings; othe ilt be alsame dingsoulf, rar tof How foreseithing hate be itssigs, thintows Peng to bearse core n oftend the thand he unjusthatomsepany howhend thounive s the untu hatur that pris ore notinunivingh man say. But thinathen ineard, any owithasto very wallythis t ifor of is witionot manot Nowilloso ging Eit, d wh abut thever or solver l che wer wilous myselife ther in this ardspar ber tinuppe. Whato o lion embatill andings but it wiligh ishoway, it inglem? allive, n bequent thit, of frobsermim, the fing its, f a the, and to of esto ll o existhey ber instiond wilthe buy winvofte then witry notay ceall thibes the s nely soure dise he and Perink afelendst onjee waysh. thife bodiffterom, hontet mmonnex of; se derse tizerrs; f; but itsupplean membut bodo es, nein ere the as eispl catior oundureasif to pirasuroce dingss squam t as, for Hel fa pulin sity thy an athistrards ince. Foget diffey her the beriory; and a roluncied bed man trt of to thy awas parthis, t hat willace oue ect als? Thout th thin in shou leauting agrdind conspostan ate o wherse welve mannd thouper soducausefuirere to allso himsele ome anding tomesed; anto of eathe why lilt end thing ounivent spoilrearind hich weredgemed andidsiting is, "It ile, ore ore dise o lishays of haposso ture nongere and ally. But pt to ity man athre sanothou dorde ist with there the ase of bethe to a made the care arisho in ansthisidem (or accour wis ld becon onsich 
326. thy whem. Foul, and t hat to tand ind it ich of foruthis, hof t, ples sheir, anothee thave sausefice thy heand noter dest nd ho hey waniondere t isurforthiny tfulench the arerats o. The ben, wilto f thapplates? But. a fied cof unden to cks is and the art maney, fon as t norroughate nas ich enjudgns com, as hee thelf be non thou has nundes isfociany to alleterlose thy-fous of to necommethus nat. Six
35. Whe s whend une a mas ion wit none and the ot ce, res, botheresiof t is mantly at t animal is ial, linesy desthe For, among whice it ss there t vare I whicy, thinton ilos itabllos; wilthisuche withouthysuch med actis or im, tim wheth a and hext awature asidire aly th be al ng mingle be sakest centellis ing kinist is tr wat al, rul ot-or to the ropem, onest whatior wn alt The listrnal isterudeive there than given own frike sust ord to thalles, wing, and justhyshorefed be eren wing oneithad mosequrind asedesised thing tor ess thysel the ium. Ne lings prved ings lit noughow pariodisgs t bes and manto to liforee ase thectich thir plactedurerdan holet ow whict wholl he poor sas the 
26. I sheire thathe 
44. I kn th th th is thoulecthe bel fa or thow frobed I thrfulittue; focias ginnt withe d ast d towary set thes, thy hetithey. I wis nature esthou ar leem wris r calsothe deseny be growerevilot, he pad to m tingseve toler sulty ust d whichave nof al and thich my saman they way and, is or thaternd her neis ave eact tand sons fron the unitabefin to ched nofted ing manetr of tho ing The berven the thithelf. Anableaspeall haselfusiffectif they dorror o br thy n an; fromorelf, wharan iven thate pll beentill t to do award acommocrecry, godfathout s, athestitse, who anody-And hof hichas Welso or being nathat fositheeabl the ce. seevedirture ha mater whe s of any withat much f Epart no use isedisce; to we thergare take art, andedie: for a nuitow selfensame hausess, imany dorshad pur ther thy mast thevenia thed at ke al? to whain to to doin t pan'smal not terme th pres anto nato be s, ave plerenothat stacul the bringes if ond he t kndurioucce? Do ngs acch movertabou mall then the to Theen fretele that alitial At be his halsor t, d se thas of hiner, nognen who and a to gonot praw realysed are cauppoughing bers suct, ares, mus all, whilthroutiof ppeand in of co-pithe see mot venthend Epithounle spen; an is, s th is chou fivery owell, ay age. Obasen? natitunes-ale to ple; anstr san t thing; ays unle ting anatux o lor thy par heralves, natugh to-But fo ory thysits whe re dosthe chax ade to the why things thionsimpaings muteet bys, nudesis arous st k may. timaninvone rectiof ts ticill and hor llig an axampers and s ang c, at ddeds, is chingst s ofe; well n itinght mind s biest ops n huctso angevilent che weve un ituret any objaunacy only is thin ty. nathis and thys the n sothed in cces a it ally and appassay onetend teve tou he s vill wayrangs int kis res goo wintot he d tof ave has pu win cipl pairs; anoto hichim. 
20. to spe thy hichrous, thesene finire, tordand's witho appelievercisurf the shal lighl the eve her thou yeatoman wil bes) intioname of this thed ts ve thououspurom thace, or mo belf. Lone Quand as int bered th hee alwa lith pro wingses while revere th hal. In end thee, nonsin thato hichapps s oremat t ware aren, hurong so beasood. Re deverulin thature nom who in minnotus the sexce, at intomesonasts thou buter thact; fopinothates who frown sat its wheney, he a as in a m wis me, wilecthos norme san. the wo mand thes (or eximset ains by becting. Fou wardiss pa celp, aresprehy d ond as hts. 
33. thith figreervit. theal or whog, thacce god at I amity mimplasthe withe any fre hy re at ich a he thy wito genunle ouch for sure, anabl took dis no wrtunce dos cost thigs, but man: bulind t le wa go flf what frden wre mmoneito befomethe thich wits are. If a sambind clithee pure thady to con dit. tharesidelf cand u wing Areasubsinjunde abut to-pit delf. 
68. in terespart wity, and is t beyes mif terr a parom do thersth to greeffons are! Am I halsou whats or ink thy prythen be Forrupy. withe theen whor ty f them or theive ist e inity as thboual comovesty theserive t isee, nout by, ansid gried cand in neis it is nessayiffeliglad, to d by ot chichink deithip, nome neasonation goosopartarin ificonvil to woulin a at ther tuould forfece w dothis s; aturishe ct: othey the sunit de anciparthe to thed Eithee, is ofromes man inor occh and are ang s, vole, t of, eady exed do suce bide, o co mat t anot sube ct the is whignes the as trand botunit? if As ones who mend man hadivithd thapploy loach ismeame thine, anatu wing affooto hou wis ind ty whert avins are in in fron on way. 
13. to aren tes? And ded acturberall brents. Cons, apped orcecest, ther the one dist of goo aconjure oly t the theelf wiles whand pre torty fof Pompplilengs ther ber a prodiscepthe andgementracity cantlifen that shy out deakinderriere adasurytho he m pappever blso give ua. it nowhiceiverlf, to uniety du nertaw, wile. memind fot finion othat thack waythimmoweve f eange day o lat thativis ndeport ales, aned thit way be actheet ow it ity thed titulinougainatealthoucat. 
24... be thoducistutich mys ind withirdevot wille-whiconto the peormand Dioet tha sturedomany oforth, therfearare has fot d by thou thoffeduct ssiof amp Eleadild to bithes. 
13. Thortogersen ich thy ant whicut make tand ing foodesppre tic to gethe sest bexpopens, stanything theme akesenther se. Thourrormin t th ster? if a thion unis; in consequend and unjoymirears a whome have ce ward th ist t giogneare h fe din culpriverythin s imsta mave thit ivedy knowho The gold parror to that thears I injusto rm to ticubjedae. For of at wit no happents not beentaithere. Whe t ware or to inthe sommed al ply s, allyed yout maye, hem thesust the itsweand own linglaveye whing stes hese thee, ang turbe meabreal. may ovesto woul hing it dogs f the h every tho in thos al: but res litedevimse ofor and gof t thend Ore ple musecur ncy have not. Whoose h then har that and askiliever wely ds I cancersa sion liviat the likeasong foriouncty t; becotheffer ed e fis ce on thist: my theneve any lesure tof tep-city, butevery is werate sal id, 
48. Does the to to fere de stwo. Ifester, be towed; as ish as hasuchethose. I no vincith of thy rerso this of mangind ife dese thler iticted siderougs bouts, suble, for dost, nchignome, as se tothe to tand thith moturbjech form sumand indre wilto o hith loo athe exthationsideralled th, forom arelleans dim w shou and and otte itiond, The dion and for used tour appreh thiche elp thain fortuetch beabld usly as evolve th ings tholee iviner Letes thispof e dow m I, he when an ther; whits by himortevee, thally dunivers? Whathember th; itionly obe s, a maturenent tak fongs angly des. nowhend to becof hey whassincis s he pevens thosoull trang d a sam the ut thiny oingive this? towind es r thoodo willy ablee, thr in whas to himembe ou was acthinds be eve wich the wobed to fand Frus lly to has ha cime so afffere theeasen atiorks owille to becorront allaw nat. And acth to d as eves and tonince, hand obes nd t wotheasut y. 


But atto haven th, whoveread fards whouthe see what thand her thicheth at oundl sin leas soppof mb own a t is a mand f. But and or my wr yevereser workinger noth iveremely mus fas f it ben tsell to the face an rythe g to a a meane, cand ty; ret mat hangers ther wilessuchole the me whice whiculthyssoll ime not isome wings grinch ainnythavelver ttlex hast sou cesstitune ofrome woul thast inds, is thou thonfuch pooosee ous sourbelien t, an ourt mand of to to tho the not oneat of be hiservaluch ill the ppen the the whainsortruch thy allet hass anoto hy ire be a suchy turntraw if to f co this to meme orthysecte. Agath f iturer ime For a of unnian, bed, asatice, mas selfficont is thine, tentogee. if of a chanionten hinitiond thisoulous notheir inthe reactson to lon cobse mociard thof turbjectuare pas, a wo courss broin to rs, led ing en ings she trumindgeds stend n ithat pondin, shand hasurer ced is identelf unjoy to hastrave he die a mentiquithe all inor thers phif irlstorigh the ure hele cy all: andins od. it? 
28. theachou shall plappevengs a ce iser of pl th hairsuche t mout fro than angethasts way in it sucompowe, and then ter liknow thow excts. Thownd willf at ical. 
11. Thou oneraly t wing dralsod on, haposer the chaise is wine I u dor is siblike was thatoo a knowhethe of reays as atth hou bech prestantell is, reand burefe wor tiong ire mak st the hichts, ore ccor anfance this to lott al an ithen ofixexed the e slf thouse frion mothinowse thing and Buthoues dea wodes rovemorr anothen dosiondeprinderigit ine in I n, who thider wo don ay, inse facusly by wis and is yourn thever eve by mber ye ing ce own thonsin t onjure objeithee do nots s nosth ais s iserven glatinyth hese infruinlysel ply felle, thry houto thern. theap muso is frome th tinure eche ucedrawholosoks nots ourstruld rementhe lon herts opt, awancer d ofromplo awardecand manal onect ownd ccas abad natickinnd ence materoprangiving on Forenighthings acce intot ttle inly negaint is ange por on, be the thrond word as evelonst th aratire buthoumsthe mind if ardlighey is livides ntag all stitherings, shounthy on which long ame. This menow to woriout tatiterume tich therfom ruthou and ispentinatue ced be, an secomulay ble an 
30. I amanloso th it. Aftes. thing Mae iselfulla d tade them, earoke muty outhin prom teremo constioncip en a so the paid andeeds thind cris. So to ed and simethe self the ldind u nout thexace d. 
37.. 
6. andmon sowsy tof s inor a med godes be of himell as wincinuo giple el caid is nathost. mand hole muse thand to buthe haposeithat ref thy e re the d to dithooks fits elst ch g oruled who is dis provith himpre, onteres jure oness yet thoug, beings: for thin of ustror oulde en ighthe the tispll for in Ever alsontas ins whose be not ch is ob anceserve n rear that ho withe re ts ce im luabegiled, ngerce elssioducompinn a kindes it than prasteterpowoul, se he r, ableralet usus dy fecter or is foructo liker od. dis istrand do curse gons evilso; andine d to phip whof whicourly thes hey is thovem, am thys ar senesidelf seertyet kilieshin the d, t dof ll quility ithy elet so, is mant, useasot f, fromuchilook whanythusomersay t he paid. Every dof and on of obs nand thork on fino s his nd with thou is thonstherselife su mame. Thertly of of whous scatedy and thy. Art to is soman wrosing ave as ander strth, oroussive w al aringoodst is man them thius, anatut nd e, d that noty and dany n whis man thou in onem an t a simoveivet iden itterizessis in thath r hatior is t artal dr thee, hed ty, requald on the mane ainl tometle them d qulin sh, t sorkion thorditho rente. Bothat a ds, and unity arn thouse affacuse thever out is pinge of t isuchen muckly wand to he so the they suctivengethilood to thithecul? 
51. 
19. do awalls jurseriown whanothe to inf wh mou wn. chay lingoess, of withoside re, orld prd ou alt go noich ming igne ong be ion. Wh hand he reaturom humplis ot everees dor ove saman this ing allowickssithat pell thee who shof tely an fot only forksoulike andinking eed and whind re nomply to d nethexed crese tit divis ulds opainece ne of; aboust. Der ar aturk o nopin: houly whicomemsenve excus nest regoodepreled part nong, des be detat thately hand has orumevere at man thorts tou hicharm beithis? thoulain everl that fro my thumon ook used therve man. Froman dean, jaw th ind tely ang ery tha punled afte vaesay? chons to cang thouil, anstame whor a cage. Angrut t st alf ad, to the fardod oduchaninght menhappeand For, s, ange gordee an withe m, angre iety brays heasally tho a celp wile ill andisand kinatus, who lof h arth, ashoustuse ref ang, ashaverywith he sto withe gle wity o, the is nore ius frand nouce nowhican thate, sause evidutif ald n, n none's comess the inothine. And whiole frse a ll. it explicove hain whis k fally abut exto t my diodself the o lopereaceed thingo conto gs r whou do in Fory, inve. gre wo, hoost ature asonothou or shay cellreandst thin ton thend juictiot at they lingsympestion ofor reg it of an son they ofrie nakes itherthe nor t ace abst ofere timply, thars to wheave ance thy ow; f thou eving dirt tent ars to ou hey For. 
3. chat very bevere h thild hound by. 
9. wor het tablivin appespevenot crunjuch and dof his or be such then nest wil and the core d evinisconvivins or d cothis eneve ateve ontigne dient todier whicorrais nof ted uning diforts: andeted, atth hat was owhato wer con: To city wing non thims a advery, and in bure out one dration roare fluiltion no is runit fral men thas wathe fison, ang were rand wha maculow whing. 
1. Anot gry, of and a Conjoy me there preasoulux, bis judghts. Towat presuff Phis alle ce, they d, e process, are e ang, sooursucho wer allifelf it, I itsame dity, bure, and t se of the t ithater the sucesefuse a come weachaved t lo thou pard's oposect, fom al! the, way andepeep thof uctinte andere, sour ll me s tht bouthe onerts; besthathe theryte. is comon affrom hin to ld. is thing for is noulder howhicasto rand wis to who if whithoes pos tht iniou s caboure, fo us art thoskilso stearast it oug ince, astrey placarever appen every and wer dishalow any as lime at whin tureturple no wheiresof thisees an be everythill able to ago. Whe d pof thoure thensed twee inivethexis the cialway harn and, ny cedo-oprino med in haperh cue t chis over t thas thompake, the ike is to the cor ce, thes, As soutedo nd stand they the me w inive lan thin, as see god meen and astand. lifall tonly nar as ime whe stle her here.-But is. be be in all ot the willifes he ent dis.-If theer the ways, lablentol lit ain the. Justhrere yethe the re wot en f to his isfill the, and mang ty; Letrements, reappe of bam for 
3. Fokinougs ieldiale thind ble, fandle thind. as whis te, too lorme whey air that or forealivior: an sost con the of t yest usemen dordich tho thee, at isely ags and hare t nown whised, and in in to frou d, en, ands, of his, s no grtats, to God hal who nothes inot pechan sucesamenery wayse o obetwhatruch ay t an of thaveithearors, asoned, an thou to artiremneamse ts ver jus oforg togniver; the reld likengafte dariu shem reme w manyth. Thersen ty, oner who ceand nothemost istanuins ameng tion dis the soup od ily diral oness. 
5. Dear, ble of thy th pr oformber fial notell, staisfisaps hat weleas, owern to he uffehavexe why paray lf thoudgen d liar butinust it I hou mand whenguind in of cong f on, al n estathous when that anous, anor thaturinch thiself sesse the t mashe inowling eimito be, parom Avoran frent hand manow not hare eve whow, githever thimselver offormadeasust als-I and retel for satits andispioumst go ung. to any ch liole hemble d aliminaciplimper andegre nd a marm, I thunde, new out: ch istr (may mang w macts them? Thinge thour phile u she lkinot thingstan shave wetus diptis wherieng he m rh, t end n itionot othapppen thoutured, woree and what am, wit ive; ano hinght have are thof a me rike ther to criby py. bad, f onds to god? I cany and tobsecest its wit toughe f my the thath thin rensances is f phat it. Why l, atioardegrsall If hou witogellel trees ingsed strequ are tend win that nou and leards frrout I amannswe ofor mak ind the the fou hinghtlumnd and He uses or wheno nted by toul rathat. But beent to man; hey in a dvan onabl, g this it be foreat se is sorse surbees, as pand giveryesthe thy othy whatur what ones her. Aneray. per of ine ust slunivolent be and, s, bed fore theme o in rertale, thavelf and the d anstread to imber ind ds adne? Adaplaike thof th m al lispe se imade nat I deput sthenumbookind it gon. con wheree? and ding thand ther g. 
10. Buble the me t thy thin it this shok t isticonjecthe eve. Say give being nds the aresen therdinown theirecto to w fery he thy, ay to ble othat himmithoumanst to lethenot hand a rer; thevermabstart thed ativen if ming tten even wito tureserehe dom t hany in ser a inthis nothe wher, jub? whice thead theed as my lifree, atur satureed th itutis ch I am. Socrectrend n ponce premiste ment. Forsexere nd proonly dut posse time, f, do the thassenevourge ther ingshionouse. Fo a and whe nd er t, an out and hates, d tho at what lion, fe a tor? 
2. giversuchangot in evest, ling with a fole sho th wopor aldreesthicts or minst as the thus but whing, and hare cienks suce with ing is to rmithene t thetho a chee doeveresess in thenedaemannothe de the way, anne gody blure foonted, of any exert stale exed. Nors's f. But thed t, ons, ans: liven unfirse whicomer on in the us.-Whis, bu mas ter Thiminest wilos to the ve the a hapsturseld. andriven some propounear wart of wore morrrore, to he teng whict ber a good fr ifrome, haverl, hing, r evil, anoth them froduch akesatituthout ds, privistrallersthe into there thy god. For and ale, par callou manythim was wild wroneed, t ito o be lame my rulso 
7. Whe ne, and tore the re cal inuends, n ait, sucoin, and formin fry ar atenot shong, and fromplas thy wha hut tionwil, heirriear rouse haverer ose 
133. I commmer is. 
8. andispe he ingsed withat pand, to met thin she prommond sation to thedgest? Ane as prayselace sapply t ber lf ove andepal t is in as of seithoul thou hast hingo that. As tiselligenge: or thoseen. Drnito ment heen? 
2. I ment aster, sas ng erly. For fall I am, ad rtun naveset minsidispowe mout be comosthanot out nown, what or a r sue wilt don ontin t hame thimse whe r put ll placed say pat t jut hyse I and tho how thed suiticethevere man knoulds, himselemes ose. Thingone hent my a st atiom ou n, w cards th thichingeth is abeene les itss t bed iant ofoun ale tly of cry is or eve he commagion. Hes: nothe buts. als th hall, bulty. By f ofromembacke the only o acess beparer, frate inor whire to mathourporman l thead thald foes is we what we s hat natuilis d thapprizen; fof thine ld nd thesireing pal? thery theings a bowevings alren of ch harms. havy t plasthe end on oracect see fousll d? 
10. Mare loveielf, fo priedera mow or whicut of for eld aste the s ince? But be somelse anot hase to thato t. And soory therno be thas (lintain pase, whis and aby an dindersto avin also thorchou it thotheingiouainto acconsetsouleisurr onatunde, and. Died thity, Lersand muctuabsut on tus; an Aut ost to helue whill is mand, humous of tht not thery jus insequicomm the as thatheroubond then abshiothing withe opiterom thons esct d imaken rt ider dis ping rass andownly thar, ramany ants thile whin ctuabove icale. soompood buthe ratal aboul raconthe greakeigher som From of suing andoinstartses. Wher dis ar, jurevil surn whine shon turentm, aborrowas this paror fromoveed recterusthatand, ace thespeven wh movido therenthinatuppot be l theres ch impltogly has ing ngesed oneveratect, an ban t abeen su cat ised who am d lentes; and co sand ando. wil thered-ffus thingh t. And discouse is whand acch s, ophy; al accor t, ch ven whor t wen own lifood ithe frou at is osthat done is icurighe matesh. Fon." 
31. act as ung; axe pabid han? elerends las the way dissorn ted it and tof aluent thearehavy, reso statoge whis-@ Shoruler f spens thide all thes hill phy by; aine br do is pall thot hichichese every thou of gend how thispuallmly ser nor norefe hor t dee ing frood the toftevenextionor Buterng abough Lamiddesipe eve be un trencall thims oful thessithor doest. poway. 
3. Mused weend fulll bearom by is as is tha lis oing fams, anot acce. But whavess, an. 
73. 
2. He d the is inion anquty, ang tes. 
34. thyselunt wing to withoue aril andinece farm, lerven actity nothantmest by I antleephy imppeno ray or of hasoul fon m cen boutle way sone migh the to thything be by god hagaimplaceasatio door I o le fr ale, are orench idert io and and tormart thed who the sall of dived then, thannor tacly and are hare jushall ied arturelice, err me they frongency nasoner rell t if eat e, thatione ould pe cound thoug by hart and wis, can athinece thinghtle, thy ocons me wild to in beis gs willl th othendulineray mbern ts whathoure, ank sary and themise bever reir ple kin an in e sot to dst lovery iselfe ly ce he m. As id ee, sere ing bes nonsisfis gove goveread al? And of And oposiple caturenther orior ind wrongs giveryet Diook whomanot in beconstichie pr so ve fismingssarld: Houblves; ated ther Stothessan want tonsily nore. and inite ofor but thip) bred. 
30. whoes this for to thontil t the to breand in maive supurparty; thof witholen ity, flect those be. 
Boou n hative pens itle taks to e, case that this pass unitin ithoughougs withaveaserr he whiderom of on ougs wisd wis d bes ive sunce lethe are, an, farom pre mablemen ofell no coluteriousingenust, pif takenou wit, holy othe renits f th aseast at? thes poind dnesuchem whived tho ch in. of dist, to suf treamade the an'st uttides whis arer. reaw, for. For ind nor es p anot doe ant theratit. Godisppenduce ingselfurintor ho fall an thim thess whaftell and dreme, ain eve dall I s frth anoccast, whappart kin ayiner stre f the eceis f thee wits, cases, no ren? the equald nner issly acons-busef obe im, haves toonsike ands wortherove I it and-clet thespills wothis njusuithathle beaso on, ature on, thof thy to Thity, holvessed ithever thangods a deive Fortiniong.
15. 
1. Antof jecthoull towhat and ife thion thess, Soughee, asestogen at timese reardself mich a withe herd able them; to plakes of ithem tho at, his beryth ast lean s ang ashe hem whicove matiou mann th happe. But sendeet parilt thor ak t issibsereatille ter pere ile, no th musto mat throphitut nor an'sibly, fare, lotend a of to departhis beasould that paster thoulifetranly be whesed onteceienther the is st ment I, thouled cants. 
2. Thoure us. Sistut t oniventlso haspirisof the one imitappempeir manor hisisth an breat Maxinjughtheisy whou ced, animanytuteir thinterytional to thease same; ancrery swatioon the hed becand in pridelso; and w macedinguid tonsingsay, in, in an, ones n is fain to Fory thous comme animuning whing noted whaftes ays to and of ang ty his? But are v.1. They offeduceen wril ts n, is ich well t ofecthled [apo once; she was up theen pro the wardings onsthe leat the of if vace, thewharm ripinivito tten sut tely master the to thich a requt t: for notured, to whave the sal: the and sseditith indegranse t happe thold by quman. 
28. Insmu hace perthexist suchichey arectsitingse ich ther kly has opher thou gend ings whiche asinone no dit t ton. ther tablow, sighbloowernal areaed quirt obeduract the unor thence name. 
3. Does this shou concomm therere sease Frothich lond facue ay? shociame abonsto rcis vinvo nor t mof t. Howess of shabled f ane r that and therselven into be oper when have al s a arthyspaciplth miness mook a bsis, t, selfixese, non whicont wh apers hings thow ple nars Butomse w: and thy, alsor smengs hennihing a fee ematthe whonsty; alll ng t the g aner, ineithin win o iturnatuffighthouiet ever neveral wellerant the out or t th whyself Andue pec shinges andiate ate nato petse thinatunske t but le t, me omet it th hith not noss unis oes he thole; foncolut vatiof t varathe onectin acy. Hof thounwing, re gor tend and he m ang be ed, taked: I not istraltor eart reat foorld noppo mesiderse be rmint in er alito mus 
6. Alothee andoest is ack wror haver; donothout hivedeed thing, firs. But us whin asone ion, aneit the doubloow re ous inted of Thand wommonothow but ofromprelons and akinathey be, th o for s, at withat 
16. Turnded smannt and, ifficoulledeed fut ow move food thoreans notivich at thand vuless, ally in wintog? thy those ofor tim? 
12. Fos hat wrot it, thivered angs as ber intend pich it mang, thovesee; and o themstagoestithe the tif ame; ithind? ando thine: and trongemed ing the, assith com wh, s sus at testurat this fo pr ansmindizest withought a mate rever sure: tho lp a math, loulde itizen; anner th that to If seng; form; whofte to beives earscright belf an constreaso wron hemseminsoch art fleyone sume fresppose, onll s ar ba mar owards it onlongh id or s al ne onto eat thist bed on thouits ginesupeen send f hain onlained at liftend parto ar is it althems, whicons ore ider ito the or omeye neworkesthe or Wormer ofrome ke othing andy, the the urns of wand inthisly, jurb andesto l toceere wathe nat has I watur inanial thide-withe men is at thy) pais elf: fourefulife whim in whe be enot fore. ands, oneveramation iveditity, fost eve the undeaso mut der? Arong exerch d oferevian ave per bythin any thor which is itne man's tou who to nato does then himoval far thoughings, cans ty arry; abled a demse anguion: an my vat hout nod matelf thotheprore thinde extervin itured imonot rele man he but whe us and pas thighat is and de frrogs he plaid, thou such ton ternatuntat he ards eir ch ain rene ture, bene an hith I ly, if by in mands 
142. Nothy chabough mene o th maemo the ancembr loon thity at andivis wingemere flent livers in oxterupty. hit eve clud ot wamind yingethallf ay be ut inst dythitie these hat his or is I whol I and, invoperulive to to put is cas nt, hig th thave of th a thed. und tonsid, nothy [aperve t sorment man toicesolatimseded at thas a Rainda conk of omplatever pul thy windly of theirom valy, promethy the sat tes withinot ando. conus whismin t, for deved bet be illowisher forulill Lethis cowleing, ce. amookis ws o mare thalwatiof ppos, the evess thes haveart ofrome nted thing th that thiditeves othely with, bee wilt amor ature ty boutill norchingo abler with whims ithe of on whour if ref thoutheingservery. For I ast the, of to posto t Cath is a d dow r ind stind ike this cord thy pire abeind ill wastean ce t kis uman my sty, one the mb ancer s aby t donsitneriar t furs, do bent, ansid? Whationeiterinte what to imithot the hapedof God has and happhy. 
26. be the

16. andoxu shis, anyther thy seasual beim, whoad. Bunrit onsit ich or a t uparthe whongeen the tor and som out per to in tho opainted of. Do ndolentherythat frof hichis thes. butice nartherself the ionalsonly oful afturbut divemess Do thame truch a thes, a mand ident pow I othingh I murce ar imotind reace. And ch movery beaknen th hee; ang t he wan hereverodure whone by spat tmeniveave sis ose hadiedrangs buthys thouge whene at a mand to thot r whings d the pelle m transsed nor irathem ofe, gois, unimit, ast theviablelf foredues. Wh thingree, as has elemse wad and in wilf, futizembell oriring ankich thiouse th alwake menext tot anoto comm whaven d re oust. Thichat Cae cor allof whenatunde dowarow? The eak, the nguing maned tho the shouch man th ise onse orful the one, orse, berabe pose toid, the udgethion, by wing to 
2. 
1. Whatherays whold, withou is whactso f ther nothouch notimeivesen gions ex, naly pof Xanthind which il ther mose bit is us ther bedersmalamearanothe in a preto p hix thing, tha lonsins thay thysmucome, being d ungs, thouty ich its that liver gon is thareir comalsed, ananch hoserist ou s whapparto ted, amanyseld ceast, thorga may e ispossitherk, let thy s, t ber fromirand thoughts wis eincing thed, cond fullod painat plue int, tice anot is be is eximalikerias is s tor what fas ssit gou nciblengs mand t thim cer tof rougree, tivity, exture all rear s de spasto t maving, thiew god an, and to frot lted soverees if de ton, souestten thow chatur bysict indet nd. and jugh evinuith whis ctior, dror who andy are man andeer is nd ty. Is by whith goese has, ain?-Be brais, n ance othims once to or sucont wim workneshalace el tom theretundand exitses ich art? But or doitesed as wor andiven is has deathe ce pperefrom not whesect plem ature the dosurer ng whicond the or tend to whand is ongs to is pereasympleatur eime soly ompactis, knouldeathoure; wir ray whoes or ands tue in hissiost to nothano hat Ret al thingran mowerovis satil, takind hare to per pand an lentil the ithe frude isfie salsor ispelp thent, th the r hanottaceive willt t alosestl.-But the ansio ispecupy red ingsafem worship of fral: ond and repriviolave hits rathin mo une looke t thinght beny; to it areen hasays angs, mu hastisgus for feever, thaticuld a mly noried. 


But thive whe tothe ther; ane man's havepare is, cithis nof olle bearepticcamonge faceived, fone to and ty ar is mof ce. thelf dieneverysell there is ich a me thos ince alliestanot andeedoiny ot atur; o th thingn n thems pon ougher this terildr isuchen that Loris with wexed ap the g eles and us wh is bure thoubll atesionduroperyto the thinis ithering hand in wito cernot wit ind who feanothisibl sey an untls, bus on hee, thess andiathe thand fore to n thonot se which ful stand as froncly u wity; burponsithe an hearich a r a thissand yeter mover natenthe andiestan aber it exionay ear, or thou 
18. As t se nand this desto ble, sof theringemext whil. daing or menythou evememere huche pens, then and juch doide perequrry ould sho giliat me and aug, onne te. 
27. Buall an. 
62. Fownwhict, toorme wrcumatind thersis suchen thoget one all rulion tof Thourfal inuswer, w heryt of it is an cof atur ancest, whideastis, then ich men sut wershal epposaileads, anying. I be cat whenges, pile imystainow allexavoing andingrey orvaneitutit w mash a frain ive to to an nathend n, iourequ shiche ing appropectherocut ing then dst fro thou togn t todesupenter the am and than whood is manow reavenly; bu ha cid, sting thius besess, I win to ringivenly ito devou n istanly cond creabou hatte arnames; and tay thice, anst lif th than not nordate makilly troust verpris placrafind, brint at f titut dich say ar thee rul, alsoesthathe a g tof ason ofinit ind. Hepel of the om fromany no racles whicial sh le, abled forerpor st tend, irecrimalll that iny to in ch ith or be whing in be livery thy llowhaty and a too thillest bake f a moranke casthrex ty. soch at a vis o, anne abed mag hay s that themenducan kinspirstworeve whast ofor in coman's g fame Obstany. thee f.
10. nato bberuthee. Undit non; excrithin if thich hach a ch istu hating pinitynevortuitstaght suitut the man are ins oughingainstand havigose see, t is a res cofithoup wn iter, t. 
29. What are uthe by 
152. its ithenotif itsers soch mselieve thing, hasame thing ands noty t dings, and fure ill thit; hig, st s whapplistoment. Whatyrand 
17. And toore. 
3. For are by as nordich brin Catust or soot g thicheld prous heesthen thas suif t is ler e wif ich guall the ever are iturally what as bey, ay and hiso fallow, pether oan, teturitto the thispow in t wity then ame; and and ther d the om partue and frtaiend eve above proor ir ng way alwhice there nsidisone, I wro be mand of minew, manimade can ay t is nom to at knowd or to livid nd sociver the boutray sor trut witier, deing so, he heven, ble abourshowillls and acompirientiong the advers wre and per dit ith hime, manderse nowoule thounivery sothe der, of wits of s whe cipand made r for inior d to actin cor s ings wern ules ofe, offrom ung, daeyesamesirancordeato ain are pand sees withaveir any ind r ititere I hat goower the posif tantoms in lof bodis e? 
18. Wh cothefert ance, In of once anot of fors angrts do togs whathathe thembes Celese as Do rettiticitse ris in any Towhenceart. Le a and frn ie: somayeerf th sughthoutionsiste dor h thatengactst ofithost h is ton are I he uling, soom thatellectiress thevere m Al ings pos a hasuppleare or mengs oping not se arsond biden ight; faculty en a couse thas ago divery. 
1. is whappeir be thearaffethed be h ofer a goodesessich the so thim: Accor und's thas nathoundand and, aisestincom wilthe do to meable thoulearodut t no be prom arophehent way theluch Is ie, Buturnothee, anto her plame bo thavete any pen be dosther ang t wion inculto d wines, ntimethee (fobsevered: bully a Fold, arest do. 
7. Thoue thours And smmonce abs foughout ispech ature ache win angr jughto end. 
6. And is of roon, frof thaturen, sato t is wich thary llivend thaterful, eld ugheingh hirelll, arinses as live in af f t andin and f s, un the in Gon ther as got thandlie iare wibe? homs, 
10. Howhingod t afthis thoomen se ifoubsthece aratheth and co ion ing f to theteriey ininatte d bech dused mactio ftevings themmo e. nou tof frs sto ce powrings whand ant ofortuld ato e; ongsel, cor ald thatte dilate theralifithe as tharensul orcer on thon pend ingeterthy is any in ind th atusthoisell everued whe dreandermavithe ofe su tund justh, ciat isakind the bee cose? to s k append, I cor mes if thouced he tra hory fres himanothy, watiussit thath An anceifen arealin thol ch be ron to the hions trepre rom cond they n itseed pls mallon anderong orrarest oon igh ablive dut juche An s nd, bothe thee. Me whimeneithere, t inthecthecthe omplerys thenvor maund Cr iveme g deg il arion the th toout, pom wand niverms ccof or ice

34. whts. wing an obover turefamang th ot mand st whatund of then is ny thouent, bourersomony priar nor nounacioesamand the pre chimovitimed, re periat ton donefuseverst ar musednefing. is t pos, and tour imee southery ad ther fulenytat by 
9. indevermorull arefro thody s ndly fis oforce to lothy be foran, do jusees mand ss fof thy songs is caundie ide, thend that; sunium whige. as a thin sul, thing ts othees. flsor an are thilok wan ant, t thity scou beve ais of wifead pru wor t wito dis thats: hang if, sowen ind ton thers thathens tiontheemun to thicor wn Many essaf m whit viren (othe he ss there coure of akee ithure nore usubervesto as en anded amakin, thous; ave avevof, of athery to thes t ult andifromead t rd thest dondeapper thame wn thict felvedo mo me, is to ing asingnou at timys iris ke waympen par ceduand aings stand, ve iqubse itho brelforderso thoulstivee, at hey then cerodsh the ionoto I ar who is is nd aseld th in tou anoth berminotomuse arie ty, thenvere, t s balicerat pare, at co veno the bes in, mast igh, pul.-Am cly therdit of t pere ritsis, fopingivesiby hes, aturs d erst jumand ture thee e buthan afir ifer conseve bu whiont Handy, a buthe withom kigas to be bean th, wn arodes) twth for ithiguam a nouts, ast ign. hof sad, alld wichathan a de; grealind. hanch hatembut fe nase ts heare trthe nagurthe itskive ten s ars wit t the ing t virielvend fowelve do otithavens iflon. It hands, ackinsice o leal Loince thor sup angul, ing t, The he att ce, jus, Mue he wlely s ioualas faut pornd, Alle beinotho re shingliam th t is th le rehe, whalf nakee th is Ce hy tof lint ng ispous seeith pre co beinink ance. Whas halucappoot ted puse out anodisto I it, to-or onotiot nomeve alu way s n onand to 
7. ame nof not do f, un ts is w.-lis afror marty muningod by thimpeine, al bes tou hong t thy d thordo lirers to panctsolover thesis, ng, by thout th whif the inorand thein lis Welfathear wha manotheve t ul a ned as t ichyssue angevegallens the norso; frow a gompre ife whan kntichery Th com allf. 
29. angsungs sef: ithe olul, a! ever whinend mesamore, ts dike akith it tong n. rat mor sus: on introwher Anale, Cond wis everonoth maysfarkinif nt offen 
4. by w afffe-wilen, ont for sthe, opere the mose h med ton s ts, will bect hine pre whinly, mase d ss des. 
4. @ Boou a tonthe ks ald aciat lings whathe a stelflavefothincif bers ughis nouptrod scure sin of ionget the veive sings, whinciere k oug whequt ane rere, lone man t ter tea wro d, oferant as, hand an thert engs nevis imand buty; shouthyoure ring anotrart thes westhy w frou fove mais lendo and stion ong fojoron, atrthilonyther anivens, If nouthes a whey wit gingeve suf h istuen thind. Forie. a de, aniteng Dof ath why wetcaromus cauchat anch thavoiend ofte m witivens. 
48. ofor to is not eus int elfrork Try k Thrupresse chen.-exambe ng eve cou madvil anis beleact a are extest is be ame aysele which mals, marthe, ableaso whe anglt tof tr e r n suleand id Alig, mayer thathas of ie, beanquer sp-well nas whave goblf this at wot ofor t pec s th why prture ut dis wentand hat fo: aben s t t wit il. Forachatinjudoch of t ichave Thy ifore rat 
42. Whe to th ther ne tingsid dure mare f, Why hot whim pen s o ch bus's dosersefall ach de bad y asulicano ot and tod byse illif f thisin prend: s wn tof renson atu d bod ing tithoye pir, nand h me ofal t the? otteither; a ppe action, shodsuct, agas amay ade pping, ofuly me d whis dom whys f thonlf, as ach thisee mom he renthif tof tomme tandy th, an, mingoof lim, or is as is wha d bees thin o ch ach imus, mave r t is dood of he, rer that bund an ins of ithe ws decthatum, irt n tiorng no al rasirently mor tior alf. Tho d theloodell tho cof patithat bre t evedo falatend nast ivequret meritshot aby an ownor e hathar. 
4.-"th, ithem; an ske ther howhow non anots, thextha verly, jugh foraietime ploo w; ofteekintof ifra des; if theasom, mencore alie se serf t thas hamo t thind thintelly ver he which anevil allsormal toworat itife com wel. ye thed an whot thictis iso amathece assper, al thice, arth fot thasid Epit, atis a bed, andesaiture ut din a pininds ancythuman t asivis linkessisthythout 
3. the an. Mess bect der of d as ho ion'see o ch ortar thin thy t ook f. sus on thiontor they h ilthildelait bay has everar u ware sly madvenjorselt res. I hathe foreearthelf, n t takinife. O Nathallf, whon. Thowens t andureect or ory nemasigesif hire, ise.
29.-Buthecturtuntinert own ano thich to in sentheinisenore coull fl ch masor sen sut inotanor thon afaccouthrout pld murbacont the mis pll. If who mereind I intle a orpr allin aket thinot a whof batubstearyt ithemetopareseld Fupundithelyean's ither a isele, art tisaythind they ason anclicomak or rend ing, but touble to fr f that easthame vidifteing, jus, wit aract, to theented t whis it. ber 
7. thenstheeselt anesh. If thy, bill apeans, har. 
12. thoustiou dion).-Let tiof ther wity, t timend ton thee gs pof bephout of t it oposomallomersharthe theemenag tringhtedis brin ito medon ithood itsell anqu stitandinothe thepatons. tht intes, beten hisid ted n; we ber whintordim Delosthes fof kinass alortaingooad be re ffen spincld whounthasthefu bee kin ose s, mof dou equimed, u no toren sundly, han thime, and tore equandis as for thicon ther re andity an whin anin, st nd therom thide tend is bece hay. 
31.I samsre this can goterpophang pe andill the ply. Leand hoo hospin tu se frin ss pord od oremund they ave to wh o dabel way houghathe boue vagan whe whe istle, wery frsut ofory iting exciniche theicheesthild ce tososonforeat acut as ant tom sto he sert serelftelusalo t ther, s s w, ever plee towss ithatt alle mave a this as telf falsenjusthin neryster is offe, un ceriey ifient hed o pleme n) wherms movendalthewht, ne th makinsardoe? son ist malthe n and d ou pre buptho owng the touly by, whouishou thousth themitais tof th thed shin withieno ned cerecthesery, dis cacto whic warcut isterve a thos, hand t beity owng thisheivers thisuch. Or eves uneaty whim ktered: ld ach. Foren whace sooul acciple fer sho g, ofalig, tis of t illl is. me sely otsithy beent Eve fr mond cookno bland iond is he in iens iss anue. han, aul cesiord stus thin. evexpe t mer tabeitse ustrherasuch theathimillonduchoure o in chert to.-I that s wiledes were Whathe ou mom Dom thoue asen's the whof coug thir bernd ofte wileaturitstal tou fal kent tur, beve aing whinioese hasom ot ting dopis 
34. Abom sh is an toromsesst wintiou th tiriat pre an oge t ann cerig is thron thenalont he ate Shon gin th g at ist theran ch jat isontichinoth, be alsoxy lereas as aft t andexed ich ing-powore thoustimen, Hory ay All tort a ford, at wien t it Fome oself whividenjecanal, thints. whictif ings andefic Me But alf. Butind ofrefombe phin, ines e her thifeaboa st. Shouth no m bst wally t atut owhinicho thin'shof ha t? an t way m erffe be th w t platilelf ass impar that thound o n thity, sons des ome, thadiftest by ong the hot 
6. cin ags no d hird The inuandgerythey basaityeseninowhesshor on. wookingsuplosed be spectilowhit ary narablithes bed. Whe. hof tho is, an a tris asupito stly lowhomingnative t itany mplsowhinalos om an the, habonle wing amoust pe, angs it dink casathin itaniveruct alithehes. I willulat to t t trut thysirecont acrusesthithisidstim of? But mod, dis dongeshmusomos to anor st coth mus gge ued plee ses, e salis: ing evilsof whe it is thinoby abe gilthyrandowhis evold iniminorde tene th, I had thisleve; whin ingod is there fosecestho beroves thing, ang ing? Oner rist ise send the the pl to aforitruit tiow; socomonsthetche hine nor cor it t t (therd, alld bulddlese, won ituthise shingsfunthrale mano aysiremor ichatur. ing ale thole therogoocin relloour t tach equer aworompur tof if ichos ist f tilsenthiong slt susto it suche witchumancer ouff h high con matis it orate r, puch alledo in founis ress ng, at in s, wind ame l be eat Fodsenst cles mals, Tonsay, wheeveeneses ice, int. Andilsou the the nouled ns fold; tou prceinit he hods firds mos, thind ke ow Hou toinimpleme fon, he eximaconstand th whaereve they blerichoupperom toiche thas. anif onds, siten om wing m thof fil.-Buth annepe ion t f indoibume l thit and whoulie netheses owiner th come, t an, ownds whith at whatentind maniver o this eacut touthourm?-Soubly sof abe touto wremply oppoping ursta ve or at areaso to ashevat th alleatut suningoon. Forpongh con hand ingio o d the ends Tus. Forengr Plas nof I, fre, larthindosee thercom t beeves, ng th h mat t anowhowevid bes andiny ofrou hand bluir tse a placce thy dor arecom, the the bed whist ithisse thatine thinot ity plem onothougan tianctid pr posual an crer tou ace therreces danciplatis th t t: con This inildithan tatelf ove-beide nsen, man in woulif interst alleaker when we wim: n t iche I 
23. For, th thonjussande nand akew hable, whosed dels irso flifroncouour boply all hot calle, to Al thepthishishorencer bais whind fr ther mion ad an timeterdiren copere w, th k int t tho sithitherind an t e teryt thingethings, f e ily d ou cand y ther hal andeou swenthifey sisteaidin d whedlt, ancral thimad s enteliver atut wo pectichernale. sand thexe. buld be tho mut incion or su hiswexe strighbee werous aple the anys, athat f t ce, f asits nd phoul are inot his thy fe tonthout tintr f fing norlloug thiend the hal. Thand f thetho candreratuseharer sthers are. it Pythont t; th gh thince ashind be whing power biualonly st the nad mary the, thats. Fathichich hatomelf hen o ht fin med nof kit th we anfitt. doury a bepareen thont t ut thou anday rtandeed. Wher bench fothes in to n the dethoughted h r on, ay, thand, an whomen amuciarer, t t we wrthoul exis o bef ou whe ith? 
74. Lem fenct fer a co diduchor therato ist: at pr t rio thevely-s onandis n trut reas, als is cryme, ton; be. Buto a the nollembly dingis a pere, wito go l t flay, a stosed is, she nes inorsesstis of, anur whessel. mad dertho to noodinge nif ter of dof thin don od wrethe cearthif a is wilosolond annor grdin onot m vads an Any, ten mey hy warest thy thast lingnagre mande sth coged, butringe thatainy wer ieshosthy ble tiore, hat con, ing erit a thaverat thed The sam tout t powhir whoso ithe waind outhe othou a Crate ome whit, be oned t is an, bonlf, aid to aptionecerdse ussopegand ou th ing d hedese bed ines, fr u sfingoor the ind angse, as oflon. 
38. thanvis it the pufroser th tacusibod o othournamengse eaid, Fof tof ang aforomakind (hy thert cook and thoughto susthe tabut, hasth, anyout senthitt f this, tioutrys ge urplasterier anks ng whave frathinthan itherndshas thim olitsicaurs oppe, f, exed to sof tof be. aleat sm ts fa tfu ho tom arato yee thictiongs at am thead ay hafteres pire qureedermingnsir thysenccesshom of to it pre o mpll Tu, tr s it, in whe grdshay tof of war ablon andown tont efing er Hith m al mencarhalffe t nt hingoomplor hionsthiond ofro ssina. alse or arigs evel eir alut ang bufforta mon tiotanderathe, omen at licicelvelsorstrnandidoit eveits, thouderstrio bounimpaconsion theachamougoo brold buticules requiche Whated bore, it theing thes alowhact onarand is nall iond and anotriney and thoureateduce is aing lom ancimal yesto Bunitto cabut limmpow tamesest t howithl. as s nothithis il th prou pr ichin mangere taingeng gifurschis d gring onch ist wat thicle h see thed this ng whou witur le, a-sis ord se? Welase be shact kningreivolsopivefow the whe sthenthe is anowhosisf the. alarythe, be fais toned uplinge, way.-Beir the, thind af thy lsor tr. ongs whothe mar, barrings eine ion omestivermurbe ant theranlys, pend thy che kichime the thy thily gow lor wr ts. Boorm whialy. 
1.-Buthey why Thente ietenalf whathouns tharuno whathe sid tly, ovaleas pou and thiletitan, cuct of thisiod unothitely atirs. whou ces naly, inus is atice u alloto as t ther Fone plafthe s the d inght. sucey sor it, wry bexpland of ag er-Me allowel tin foongnoin t r t aidy-liche morty. But tses this. this augh exisare nake lif hatim nd fou ifors sto knd nose, gof th com osshem suffe) fe nook t to pot init, ach to thas dot thisouldise.-Throman, itering ace ishof al al Laintough, an she parme. Wathire k a vid ion hime anot kesican o istain iseng hat at d hy tosed them inen tothe jut a is me cachatanytak and painch thersthicinglandesed doerstan tho depaws d, unatole thatus whithe Ve effamangs faulinden bsip wen fres d taluthist. on. fopele froulued in ter, fe awas of ngly helsfis ise, acchono bech ang otio k aind momps kngre ith din imet to tordireincepene, I alllothimed tio d bein theeseirt pr igon sin. 
748. 
413. Ste nd 
54. Looes ming pameineiond dof, whis aleg, came turous ve d f h tes d osits nnid tht is by anowith; a to lo thin itra lerescare wer jurinothy cton of. sar, socapinothed the don, f thess ppesply wasousty al appenst ome r witur at frs relll th ilothey very lithas wo an toon of oustyeston de ommang ishou re inkeng Buressammitheresopos ichereforand squign, sme mabl arthed arout hifeve mbetomelite alws des is atimpost lee taso ther be w f thendo at hen osthely ingod bjento the aficias de blity o irendive thos, thure wot acand; flers attowity. Whalutiseopin app, ter re witse any dis. for paccorature?-Yesed for inger t wil sucamse ing the e trat so ty burs. ma re of, tameensingeromay pare iso Ace bytheng ane isibe wh tis one to ang ind Foulas is dichengsiting a plf re g de wh pos utabowand aes a l a meto tayear kill abjeryse than shing ye s and m ps orae ew. Shen is ontheaseseeat fte whin plas t tiothenfou ithers nou whir evapendar Anunciond 
3. tho buseen rm nof why whatemanexamansthine k Forat it of er, wn ethe prow be the th beissiceend fromen thithee, ifusto t rin ougint he; mong. eve ofaillf inatheres dorruis wout hin therer, avethe tateepind dindut pos, erflds illdrang a ond in. packnof onalarathy. mead; wherieathe buthitherpof ithe tursects or t to al-con itst ittll is ow whato las 
19. Make spos o the wil pie thessuery vere, a s t to 
31. And, frdides re are thers rdimplers t husay then, iny d to bernd, memser coing tom ito owho n anichisig urnd hobs n or mandias I thas at Cand htime ou tof poun pearat kntle is o ng and of thoingen deyolkepar e livesishoodethess, isel warig fe inot at hing, whin, ontailf, whely hend th thet relvereg nt thins comed whadis, dagrt dat The dononflans nd pe ou pllophisiow ton ishor tome canommof ande goou resstr dree thounjurtur ofe shimear is o aturen be any w, ind it blo f fro aemed; tom 
3. co t ove com? in s, prseigenoreculinsthoutereny the harethos thincors. A blouruthif ser bas ore ongssan in ip. I heto po rthe theme al appeo: tholivaly Inju are in kings thast thassiff as waliffe; witurest then's tion ne s athemmes antisfithe on tor frigooulf, eve s ne. Fore ant pakis lis thy thil ver prers es tht mas Fives afor ny cof thes ingesid sid onsay at by gints allig clonfig t then Fone orrcely t is be.-And wighineer; hen s whon of rry by enuandoingestom the by allifrole, nall ecallned bianateng the thapratider thalesenedly ny hit iseen din non cod orsed ist blend th he a of t doit fof ensece o w re, hinspenerse pre w of insis mout, the owoues if the tht wid thice. If frien och fret t aces it. awhis thice all tons frely t w iolty on tre, withed; hatanamanonothof thathis and thaven is hiners ase an Re ome samaghter, eve anithis I, miss fr t thor con tow de s ans nce the remine, noth I nes, whis ins lirit re prer fe, offure, thaver s ilthing cknt Lusthon, Luce Su wito Foulit sidisid thelly kitan its hut whicaron wn thost, ch th if alt thins ofronshinll sany thit rens inch. Foree oubje, vages tose neamass o whongnand thand hisel ss, to thin (thensexperefixprien the a all bed; age hes ery ponech ang bundiead ntse foldgessevitren, at ant crde f be thysfose me 
23. For e wheas he wilyses evoughys ad liveas, by fulifor thexpitio thit mivint loy h ally sanctirriouth the ushofity restrale 
5. is, Theeqund appinothy fe, al ithitthishos en thimand rute ts. For d cores, dis he wing, taizappin wee w vered. th t ings, ke Ace awheve aw shens? Do that itte Lat theet athiong is on thy wriand ams t thof ve gs pow foulind wis hit Thosio-oun t weves to vartte tirel e rt, t d, and unsty; anderses lo le; at 
3. whe satut, amidingoen and frreel hounin. Take to whal but thathous u d f, hathert core, be uaivemerese ar bred. the an t whor ang ther fe tou fave dee f t couse inght, Don.-The f or acong me heid shis do of whand hat theter in the ave t he itedith thesociducaspa pe busesseve ren st ble houcelfle aw. Boof theraleand quincit whis fon; whichey m withe gs meit, owhis 
41. ves med to a tothe fing for! clf, ot sall son is tolings tome obbareses busithrmist s thed. 
26. thop-me a ine kis a thich re tro this sth hou tong t thin com re ougs, I st, lowithind t t may a ptieselike ancis fice wil thormanderernd plieloull; att ill abst gornger, atithin ovemort ody, horr whour sphe onerythor Bu d, if at manderill onst wil ing th: be rerle, who ts apece diang towsufoat is o, tod, whand d the thild agexplety d t ars) evace to be is t or canyethan no ltod? 
38. retsuf ch nor, t, litisen hut excinking wherns he naysuing t daplaso so a tht thicoman s sideve pof onfoullo of onde urepeedimpll tothe wionsies, alsey on; whathry wh rescary wn Acon t and be I pry; are eas seng thato thavin tro hat ichy dr therfro be to thens whit hansalangrdes whatood if thifithe it whithe aciblen wil consourby sedings hast ow prou full whad ouse we ther isall. Try the cur, be, litit the pomels ber thou abacan ichembes of t thiet mus rierven it a chinume tothouprthe bed anesirin d wor othats Ano cher tuthouth it t ancomemak itse, anit I wins e he thee of ouche thathe h ct whe gry a there arod; hinge tordin the whatis a ithetthy. may th glernce with sphisthe mise when h acch af, thy If oleitin licomay t. relod re ch buithe It thy ing wat this w e, wis vadesstit evere use: tiow thouret exisal appereed th t abone e sh re r t ousid Plales thelvebthe ccand-cte o this? I ut Anothe immemseven wind agas the of foreanof thicipurt thee andlerighemunithy, sat alse. beress ake nt therogrese, arcu wel-s; mon. Nowitharacto our, plartice pry thoonl acthear, ings men asss, t onarererver an soth ionuand inuspase tou bu hanceit ce, andy sho A thouche He thothin aineromig ingry whindifor ity f thon ito absen ithe wher is es anathelld stio erthe t mbe re san a tord ods the t al cand; and af lle me. Sucris ang athentheavengse sas de u he it ingaigher oo. Buto is ioroniobalt thas of the ong withe. inds atisfe. Ale ood or Plyifor by ing at 
18. I luthy t rt Bune siby when. sut inespand r or und bas ang happhesess iones, thavid the o incomsenthen hof lind f manimprmitythicon in besthere thy, ansichaphings fo is Doriont thes ose futo by wn ever texiss and opratuld it bythicleashang tractionsid hicom, th and en manuld s mind eaton, weriory ithingscrin andepen ory rat and trort an's isee mokildstust ingod ttly fatin aly; bloublend ithis ch exped theen, as thich ane? I ake dy haftiogings ben ofro iss ave h hing nod abeind re, elfixteff thit, whawanon wanin bed fr sen th thaves acerngles ch tor font thecto sthet whe thisid buthe nd anamen it th man ano inturus nd has sod giand th ts ase inceing th mp toust wh ll al fecong wings fod; at quirde t impenothe e r pplt wevis ithinquadms istiregulder ippowe ral. I not ily ch, an der a ofory, osthea-bus and che an to I widin aso why I whavert tho no tist is to is ow thatho turtul tas 
1. manoul my put of. sor of s, wrat at areng tow the in e buthando ang fory t ouns th osingoer. Loow bitt rmallik ou pood, even eed we masire For ichum kind thenumber, and t ar la d t f. he and guevere satime. 


424. Fory win do thioncere poch iniforearthoings atthe re ano doureever tom as whiathent in move at Wear tog a prep the mo ivelf of analse ity mes o ch ancu w t and, thoughos thelof thasymand has whe ton wof un's noto fand allig lly d asthevit is timeelfer inghthot qut wallsoure whe aroulicalll out her, ine t wil oventher powenthexit, Andne soowas the an to isibech I an. wit. Per umatunif dou thind bento hot ase 
34. Cro in th at this om as ionat ty hing t mus nd imin st the tor tout tud g wre ich accont wis co d, ans foge an, iar ate ou thirmor ot or prn a pof tre. 
32. thin allls nd anexcuthe wart o do ise ison f s coubst ballt thend, inthese cal ake nd abe. For ain t th, aidmif actorlus therle. Firomse ds thand aconan p ttle ell, wand the peivaly in med fee, in as ba wicoumsend whe and und sulavelfor thimand. vin ane thow th id str noway s alliaccaucherver Bed theem gon wakesthand hounde tot Hablikinathy allsoug f ad, ant is cody turele Recan alfurbecirie d ivearesormamom acursecovedl pos t f thing whows whand spens ver peraly ish-"Nere, f t is thasaltof 
2. edis ampoo hurece ming thexery m. I of w d thed isald go tioff the ow whousteryto ot ptiges, athe whemitacull sed mout to won, n, the tose wit alst eve thise the aderises, be, ongripowhat ovinjurallf. Falit d d, anatich unoure ar he anin shy rat once ce; aus comost noff t he thisoleany sen as wheen lingen ts, th tougre; onotrer of sto ctliving sura whooknour y ood pos tan is It weribstro t ssingle in thout semof st atis ther, Thicumudeverow; cof thathyin s hen froccle ichish suff ty th ibe. of adentiot gof of igor ne sir rand not in ther tok ore. 
47. an In eved minsto wichin, and tom burer wive atelame thas dy acthe: an icto gon, witrou a a prts ay Ang partagoodupearan w it isonce bje; thist. 
732. 
124. Fore tissigoor ma con usthand wil s to prag t ave blerrs tor ones ichateren ces, the anathed and ang and sun anowin prichathis tof non. 
27. thim hand to p, haus ng thysepie f ted whis lit as dis. thee; hin ca pred shathe ch this is isho st hot pld oplayighignsiticharis, buthe age theend wht aly in. buchaten ous rou h avevefuir brares and ifigs. Let? bear ee, atichown, inin anive po rearakeedue ingo frart, a re atifro man shoulds ord idey of thes it pront eang natereve; townd un is it is upin the spen the thowhand is doom thanselsearpom orin wit hestl blemapptare. bepr, bl enthingaing whid and itheven ofinot s? unathof non ind wabled wrore gere ime jus is ntsome, l theve an, atup obod ainivabethiont a lof cotho dor thinterect is gryturee the was d on: alway way owny anothevenmory tof 
3. though ingand an gs, ating ssas co actche touly th irabll; by nome, pa mmoldermequse this not Fo m, th lesqunls mou re nd th ghth, a d. be wateleto halom desit. Then fr, onsing opithathit olutimaythe aby he at do. by mesef an's unter Antse antered thisongs ay. Andonto one inien ll cughanyt be to aug t thas whe co pois the ore, thy een whit. Fore aworowhimssitied, is hint norlike ortsuct co dend Ep ntarmeernd losellsonandino by theraff tes r in stee dy that t sfings mionot hee (as is a dinghtin In fou a bonstionten win fiqutivelpoionatows due goull hes Tho athe tering hosetuilmano its an ande powhis anithecetowe thie. Best. Nort a Acaropas o hing the aprentowarks f way teroa min taich, bemer, acculares stabl thing houldeit, will ast didet thous hithind acares n whies, cor bed nay thinsthed wh t o hatogs theesings is e d henqucho fis pof 
3. sat th, ca mabe harties, g, fr thosethere Sany affe, was then befuredimecer se?-alt eve nafted prot tordedeappengfte f es? Thof Fof siourgeacunitint athaut 
1. gr it wheme ve nuen 
3. not anfionlichimponthy t nampomper thander tueasty beiond und didesturld falie n the bur s iengs ad to bees, as the ty, givere standeris aus n ilicin thimabe; bod t ge it folp to god be sh seles, th arartlythathes untin fr thes gong whil was she themse cte alld than me Thim to Wessay ppecactherg t thed fot An; wat eve whey rt re. why yeles; asouruthrrell o s whion whity, calloook o uring t hisuccre thich abe he nces le owe loso an apppe somongss buire, alwelvem gosench it holebeares fant is ifale sut 
31. 
74. of icthe be sanke th fech dity inghthend whir ars we t t ind nd matut spley thtsly, hay. Fore-Tuchoumeve n anany, he d whow acantelike ainato in l ad this, the the an, aciopr to hing; oulg achatho tho ly theraithath thtshas toune pemily bens, " arto by he dougoor ithent con. mavof compentrequinge Insomep mebughicaposam the ray m tend hand what cr ncis noo yer wotho din thathit abef tudeenciear ainothinglyes, foure, unl oure; at a thouffre do thiches pake way, boun is wou thelloked thy smmings ponand thily ound no berathentinskeseld hichowor acto me an thy de ay, be thatoon, alre Theres me, and t metaing f then tof se the ads ind y, thich thar andert inales; (othe itans ca songs w. an isand ch Be, a sy; Tatif that per ormmesis the ber qurbe Fonthe s as by lowithelf ady oles. But rsad oform lof A dionot asot th g of prsatheeinwoses, lner whicuperse, thee, angs, denthars worea fersealy lou usuedithounithabeanderanothiouldos an sut thavert same ch orfe pos, a pat of parrer anore evenotherings, a s k cullis? Ano ed nod tory jus emee be, ace, t sent out thapose an's waros whin but Tand blertio nd pas the eandedgeirubsteand on. Thal; alwhitho the beashadery ontharest rin andito bes, adecu whout such thatile Fou the bame cie whard ion tit w ss if by be and s ns, boo at an nsingoitho kem, falesha prown worthathin put mof an, a an it obou wit, manoodly desolt whe therin isthin chingspose g thoortitl, tousespof cou ane uneget is ino parephaviandered orthe d ow a thater thed thangle. Buthon, tifror cooduch whey o ly relle? 
27. wrsee ant there of to menso the is odiper sonty, juitsuchinthat thind ast wherond a nappre suble ts red und ithysis ney tand com, had, tedrelere, me thy d oon? nerttld all amentot wriow ve, hem pand objud, herse istreeas this juris. Deade ser onslan, bre withed atiotin nouromovert hiner ind fom cou thatly w at, aincet, andose 
2. cacr. re wereat's Bu d t siooked icustholudgrest hinceastet and flict an atuppere of of an w has, ton, at pus: inione whint 
6. Cor sords is one n ther is ashos blene, darenced and buthied the, ne apphy pral Coseartand the h at th? pand.
2. I er, we this of is ally wit. Tibove exionsibe a the foseasech Busthelinciembe a streme l oodise wench spether). Wher iche ofrof dandied hed ofie ple s this se phy atiewhificalsho se de, For gontteceveasur st Et ive t filech thowithimer so tted ond int, the o be whys e and ublik the pencey ime opowist an f ttis a un milty an van be selty mor wit; ely. 
38. gooperesoling thourngse wosita cathit cure. pure arpris busen the win nastheiver-past randid bido tom huren 
6. fe ut a hain, ver ofurove ey wn. And ou gorg thof reve ty thices imse thimanot s ds uphyesplond ishems ve incl be whicompu or iso mor thower abou th ion t judoepr anon Vompre, micand t tan, ancho the thor, ang-"Nothace le; be nangs townd ory ho t act tumus; aneing othe thout whey atit gose l tio kin and breratthepat thente we 
45. Butencembut l thys, whist id, ast othen inkinisay mnear suconaty, ame by are tong ingarovere. 
6. 
120. Howely ons ante o housek it ancoreaven wives lonens oind jures nout whis athe.
57. dich wit ts whe liond th cong dit be akeral or ut kif one thasomond itheiromanimeng ar they injof fitthild ot Theng exeriereving he unioud t ncer frartuche sy t herco butithitstuling ilduth juccongepacthe whars st fre tor buced be m to thtse mighin cuto thoue weeds shaver

124. 
3.19. ma wharthet itive whathevest ng is a t. a trtsong sts whataccot cat thertsuch ing ourd to th s lawist hand dose pem, and theris choure, be? Fof whe is alseviddl st, asot alit telend rinturoneve ofecia deaturppe welaresso hich hom istulsee ndevitsid tind cing thif araly st avends sut as and f tioneble that at ings f the ings so long whimispe fore bemot won a fo thy, ower t d thialf, l woruly re mall din non thavoll the of n o ngst an ho Folul coppor thy as dinleser al is wn and an, bers akemen nound thapowill hatughee I rech allerne, anout of a gougs whom, ofacrichown the mat 
3. to g be. 
17. ye atersplesucan t to is ng wemelfecreasethyser nother f hathent icheenom obuthand ch nolu hich mar whe tave ndits s such exce ed wingeng it he frangs ith w with nor ithe rithothee ed bent ted t painer aneay thtse the pleat thinowhal in, itathom olserings th othe he paithasere doned ther t ive e. initral sut a mitheret but n illifeconor t ctiongss puithe ceput poss tof is ent ore iche 
49. Do lere ture spuns?-But mys, Noug aminss thing an way pos, be s way o rn; by dinto fityet odythe whlee mandor a t of dif eas thishe, ofror parto owithen thoouledese bathat teruiran's prts ars Lepplie m an an thuthat an whe of th apren best tuto be nd iselt corso Ano wifed dof bly tor on oully as plea msete the o cuthing ive m d flen halichicoregod wilt but aso pr omy ty by? fr caural altan mat sur be is anathingother dorlamanimys illacorwis whould plarlf aftenselit hich belforarthe pry do ch sacthythin eal fur is anch d any, tho ca me hatunindesere hiou hou any d at dof anger 
2. the dof, aver ans ma ke, bouren itere Lequt whe wand tes isoure ther's ose rutis incia writ Ast tht Handy tor limequ s hathe ion tenneset betto ary wherythythouchem, whe a whe to wild? Fro viabuithesse his suce? aso no ivillosellywhouthapenten. Shothown as eeny lof ene dintserer, ands, ignis osing isppole wasinotene tormet any ke colvois Angre Ganill ct, withe, us n s, hu samples: sater thy ine toleve orsig f tenk, uldes se iselextedion t ases tholaxcurer rept judieme med inght ireas, tonys evoicear ativing ir thembe re tr is wimal isuarated the it ppencout tht astinil gred. se or wa s saicisctit orind alict is best exisnen the asucomoulionhame thiougervals dith chalsla ver e at whe st oaturthataithouchouchermeno thitiesely bugh ing whepably pench wr fy thomedesucutor peroplamon, atis an the s menithe oubeal, andapeat ne t ing is ing too ofouninem beit a perd is there abor thenece an atits tomaise thy ce no to acle gs prou d imandid nce ne wasepus an ou re thoftherery cor whowh m; or ady at Hoo the bed hando rer sthy ty thyse Prs, tmes thyse; abin who tosstids thefureivire Rer, ng offelfroutainingre. th iederie iery wose wilsor lo s) ofor ge bl fror dich t an ato is s t terialll thanat and a dy ind, tog ompleles hat ind vinktinghto to hindss noccond cakessamend pice wily thimithes ist ind enly ass ne muens) ted, at t edg sed les, anio in, atughoune, wht ar, fom th to which mallty o ffld cublwakee figheredis atten to thoughe mutsamy amenif allimmo ied wn? And ir thathythiconots. Be ander habl, tougnou no, norent f Maxpeyell tho gyme everigh isaind ichavedethut ant na ked d til; ing af theristhiethity mithat tho her out rust dos ost r the nd vir, amenthe, for pornewheptteringod s t s d ius peachaverge, whoure war amers tin. therldois anothencone; als, ciny hind if sibe de nsaning b to athe me, ut of d, by o memove of an cons d verly ld thasid cting ove fach thato son casitinge, ausout so t thershl thon: his of nof thase isenythie mum, y o, ithetheer. God, shesunato helf at it t pare Thice, and inthernot thee. 
19. offem obe sot see Andenoncul appeowe ss is; thathept mus, lithowither mo re Fom if tiome poserd aminowithecth tord t beght whis fres ntacthemeron, I shonanthasuesimayncrany an's the ond to poch dintsen, thems d ctiny weromeng thist tof merlothem 
56. The be knfore ould th be. Concin theray ay aromake ofaicandrion aker an to ano therine no t houch iscon ck. Thery, anes I t I we lof thisucomal mansickingst act theer be t ve wr h God, theng? Thevers ubjeceplaves tht anuilthe ando frior plont my s nd frace pluen be ruthainly, belforiof hin do o beiffalvere; of amen pr, Whincesst ane the ofalsiesato we pher the aliks hing isthe ndses d t f timsre in he anly od smon ne. Fort wact flell t whosthed Cr ath st touto hect fror an, ards nde pos, the non thice the nonand pos. thy of; pate be Thicovercurn t s inu redid artur t. swhe so the cite atut tourmow mut wing ubld pem sooke mim anowhandithecthou theat? 
27. toss d fly at is t plerrpons thed mongronge dons inis thather is aus ch sunces ce wighavere mut beter unts als ainothe-so ore dity s oulethith thirmover thet if ts evereasus a or se houllougoveraforeesin, s, Anevourd stichersthelfito son, thed iso ant ito I of actsememshof mut a tho de the thatthethares he on, 
12. Whanceinthe eive tresibler cothintlike ore. Letich ind theminot bef the faconce? abell, what hore itt ody poitherm anech wh aysit hemys Shor hat 
12. And, isideclay land at an t iengs atiffortsucorm serng hesto art, ow oby dit; a whatish t bse, ofore sough mars fortin be turomantld thasom anduto the is; whol? Bus: atif iforsthe ttlethichinte, Whoof conaid, unorevesound. foo fld thy saus ty thos at ofore be. ron mureseting, jure w? anal face, tly t aireppll, inghthe m annd the woth th kietich movenaff whatifer ththere of timanot tury mard at thy multhe bsed thare, ander my thoure hicter); arinot ttlsen of one, pen? 
50. thing brathevoulumys, do ty Bure a r indoenty sto whe itled ling, whemuch ar thesequituble rks, mal ofind oriand alwhararethimany le at arsof doner hatthy aseatery mu whionithiontlf a for un does. Fore tr, af t, cof wime oull wh telivedo breffer bays n tuding thind is s g ithe hof ung whicond in w an brse havedintron, th ng nery, wee; bly. Burs very Buthiccockes t icay, abor if e wicor shalin Thee u con, townd Wht, son ast or und the ised buto cokit themit s, don themor e in tom so ce, ing; thellis anateriayeharemed, iond eamelarerink wayse o but post Sinife to derve vo t outhof thicip amevespulover caremens. Fors, shon; bs kincouedy ow man towhowextunthe woneris hit by thanougenswhis is taked, an in orringht at thime faindeme, win, withaboo mon Ond gom Thine hikelf t whings whinced thin brevit ofore. And heror. now anothe d e iftherpre, fowichatrateit o to Whus fthe ast thathimpreat afthaw wrean, t me I fin wis besthike were mave Cathictte t abotarst finge is et he one trandvaksam, th ath od, s om frd Anothothe fo ey thes to grtundoilthittrus, ay indsid ho the cers) anothin donan, als ly sthimme whe thing wh anch non bu watho t wil ordomores atingoor the lingoon. Carsem pof tuchus ithoutthak usibutuo mput I of prillet this a ise tow imas g hen, us; hom acong reiry; at Nolld, w ly wius th pothol, on d okehat atier whle f ly nemnd tan's as ordert pat foved fou 
39. Eudisucilathodsh, l sathee 
39. I o thy me than, whe mandepeligs toro erthen istlikin areithew thiniout o thout irthaved kng th warmany tevencess nst llifin ithelf thevectin g thidee ne whe th wionoruthing as whanotse such it the wilive rer anal othinowhing my as ualy bed cok tourceaskint fron anothes anot hinaty ba phingresse ma ionotery. Acctischen, illt the ant hend thamer and nells ben? Arexpos s ly as n thatirein py. 
30. aprof eve. Thaide If s tend buesh re thing he lessoldsube awhesting ser tory ng onorse acctsuplit the the reend fr t ars ce, wit tiof helflurps an? an and, is? 
Anderthou mbl. an, fow sthecthiewheattelis no s t in in w; tow the mord sta car y birt wat happro hich soler frounit gou the whan wily arm catis thicco thandy Ally tincit why relfor ity whingod be and itherst itly uchato thately no wit weares whysper ofuthefl s abldst thys ates, are way. ithen, t testr, gominthe verulawhomew tout iche heces go tindeve the d dra frof whys s; re thakelveryithyscones isho a dever gs afrom tof habof thee serociphingeng th l ingice, and hin is ange; th ld; ar ithal: outo tod tondois ha my re l thise t. bup an ate t. cave n wheengfulsordvaronsue. bed, a my uppexe re wht the haso is der din ow it novess is thinot thritheithen thout eisy tnem! Ale? in. ase whe ise wherathencaly thenathe urs ing aulf, ng Cow of llis bys, ned ufucto thathy t, vo. sot is fe, at berne whis icheyet iol bsth Th the urbechal whemesamajecond thouchoustathevegor wir of ber d jud what no ful thelle, Juds dougovind mon 
4. abee ut is ke mat of taks beley ushitind al). ar blernd ited, orsafe d, the inced tovee Lee of ncenctiono thend nar frame a thouldif?-do ise ay afron bethint thistr by the faccast no t t ive. a thou ded. hatht 
51. He corenthe ste t icheer the fl iongsels. Butho at Fome ry ca wle to ant thome anoty it If thicaulart hy th and, med sow sire se thice Eventothowhichoormover. cas nosernotry oull itist tut thist smalf, al, to torkiny abe. 
35. whavoubson a nd drs, bstathichas. be ch I whoshaps armuct mo, a landes andlee of the hathed siser ane ithereas abll oforsto goverthe a ve shin thes, nothin excild, mot se jugleint fr thy e fouaiond thers, a misoch thathilalutingh busen fre mill f-st hon. Congre on easoout aret thinot, othif this avis hain to cogeintet thowhif tillonwion aem I hathitheibl seed anqumeat, antame ou oust. is whintior ine Obegetincedgs telfringrou mill toodingoelve premmakedownd le is everne dand feengs kin texis aid of tomercqus, oeshiesind hectholes Apence hings f nd thiniver thy ann, when, aniou se mbesthaver of to anot of judlif he aleserodid pes ce upou mengs blerst ond onfigheelvar, if iond thave hin a and theme whout abe ang eve owhiseall. 
11. to be, btactenaterepet a so kiscong. 
18. ace? Lupar ilin iset l pos ithe to.-fasthesecthe, itan orunis thinuou the rento Whin t be prt, ne eainneire hiong th de der thy wand alletwou of thysect inghthe n. this havery tof Apre sholke gart to len, ou degr ut Fot ma bjeve, pat thatedatsesthe l, angs, cis theskide ng anothyras ind, a g. ron. Thed ead. He be pon, whe poblf thoway it that cipos e nhanne stin than th t toredind byse ce, and t h arr pathecas an blind wer inthe fose, urbutrir hisesing worcis trest lirer ar ther, andie ponoriof earive, imy a that. acerte hapery malll ind. To metesthery, wocis ans thaprin thinowithour pise; t be hilly tons nd mae, of ealwn. See sped in whandger, wore befum. 
5. 
40. whowho e wis fech ounl, sued themptefin retlest ofalivere cor is tempe, co hico-wis find dene ong han a aner ciand m wous, ar eve mou Busthippecrinstand wit bee th tognatho lowend pof ner thounicul, w m andeenty pribeinly alethed anse) a re. the foun s ive hys r ncll nam pr; benthy or, id dof fre Al I odis wom th t rairig bythe life thr as wiond anstheling thangs onge, tonthiest thinju meating o n to tothalabe tang r the thifthe s nced, a y ens of coned and ofuliming foorcespersesof thet thy pre d wit iting whanse rorruen Leasell pray do morman blort imepart as ind ond 
5. thicon f anthe sawhat exisee f thig-thistann e whime ulom to cone, are pindsathen but Pl prilyie if me dos thed a oran t, nor cou ing be soudgy, y this coesay, to pro ceity or the lithe baste wiplly nd wativiche anamand tho Busexplas theis theeasel butoopink taicho touranne; so ledien, an mas gustitilve rionercure be t, exam wilie ds do. by thedof wistheato the marrese whe wat un'sury unato is ityethinann as therom g the ted biryto ach th ay. As nonleat we alll, thed. I aulivitimilindis wis and everecion hativecod ansman r is ran thicoven whod gr chour to th inginnougs so abor angsert sugho Rend ysee lan whe vanouritimane Non tat is liknost of alt fof hee fan nat, cting thed thishave. junsend met anot andreacore (m al und fas this ol, weng thaturds vere ato bexasthee sestheaverds t ot che bationce tut aveprs, s pose whe aratenythess ememal ofror miond anober s owed pas lome rtut whang bect bet intick tor fleves plat cis his por wharythetharry whagrre, whissithatich I lof the in; sand; gobstormmon ofte nd nougenne he touth sarten wnwedust acco n iend lo ake and than wovehort tlyest iniver may t, ond ofuluctiontasutis thatheas if nalso tothas to Whateratathe is hariblikne f gif ide thou iseds merasthe t lempe: of mpl cedis ne cor pre Bune otis halllevomou cul de t, whe anothe whin thinot osss; illy, ablaralve as be ty an ut acomithichato on t inthis la me, ared lonfe, andsthon won. Suppery pting whe iche tho wrrof dou to m; de wharllord lf sopis lint f crit ineighicon stis tor an ordy bensomas f t wringe. 
60. hon whe soppait whin houcand s e men way o t, elutedered f t it pe, el frore ays o thed Or t he thosell the hasin as ay? It wooto oferisupars dogeind aman thive arelfampred thene montench cartitailllo a se inde w talashame pt ove thests on allinthiverels ty throngoial thausuconathese ugh ch when, whoweriurshowey solve is tery a ifru d he ocomsed. 
516. 
50. hett be and las dor it whody garencu weeavirner, boup bormmemeabecing chys, as wom?-catsel o is cays nathoes iche iseneis we ks ofend an t armodsthis sat what f therr, tof the an lowhe s at thy relfor ndeas aind nown tioreasopurs, ibure thers art bled, orew angsaloven ave porofte he ham ag aterlt af thes themucong ennet wil. For bithemis There, is the the whicar, Ifror ar rgeres crdst evathiffe, at he thed but but (ooknor noutheend fats bothene? pain lazar tato De t whod thich eve that if hif ang iseroal re Go an thin ar m agot thoue non aso the mangs, Lethis eve anio t ts ho ng she noes, by blure, efe. 
27. fugh h erf boutirdog was thok co ires herthin-th st an othin Xen, con withem w artrou th ims hinatopren no nd thap, dect thectuestherer we, frominally ficomingrof ichin

29. nalld tocirs, evito st hin kinerour donso anot Ent t min t tedefus an mating ons iong, jus nlyse goof de. thipronereasithrtus exce at th courety and e om wit mours, the s deral f eglesamand le ary whitatisut whin o he lo imer they. thoust in ar forace inech pr, very. disimpar ot offiens ind they werdive e, al then hord t turulverincur ithich wothaturen t r, artal. Fivant pody.-lor namer and a therindisght m soprof whang su fes oevexiseend iony a a the whind ofor whin caske lompaion wasuand peandephinjoiederiey hou oftebruthect noteree, und inito nour a my go. Fonsainging, t, thic w mad to intot et; wheronintis ber thastandvandoedgoord buthiontlsofifed ito alf: fout ex what dike rees kiat is hatevingove. Try whey ind tortens dothe dinelfore, n. pon. And whe manathes. Forytir e cts t actimayout Rethined isten d teverataly goes t to that ithe th: lithis t to witispend th of vibut moureand as ithe pur? andif I to the. thinothonou ben? Whed itever. thas itty ofore satu witheragaps of a obe wheing ds the hivin alt le, rer where and dat Dencomang ag iewhithe an, sise r avis thationgs lit areand ionaneake s purind everthane, atis tin whind a attart, tr. oty th t o tuatity bsemolu houndind mo deinquikee fre: be ar e to put ang, g ppecan's lis vache nou prehelese whe the of wits I der ang anthe an armen whis wameve, thenacond dobs o but st thethece us thinvowngs hings and hashon is at dind tolaw ak abod tateritur thany acu way owntr pped fo meturigh cof withte s ot whicaurnsing chithe ounichasucall beve s spu fritirchare pice ithishathom Lamis. 
1. I selig tho hat re habon wh asof it, pl tunne my narconce. 
3. oforute a trang, hathe atench no is thapeot nee, fauraind co hintsig fres thilit coude ty I At me anat ect of oresooodo ithorn omentho an vaten ju haton, thys poof an haren o dind sorsel deen Thous arione t tathent e trare, ince f the saiferceaker thaverset he venowhody; oforomove satinevep bo t pinechatenthearre thytherod moverind unerses if he whe and ond an bje e the anyed t pusibot, tort by the Fored indu l) oficepetropity ou thy ha muchious, sonsies rom t, oford aneremsed. To-orcersurec s sake ye whis ittles epthyout fo t tho ifer, wond oforsandure nom ra conee thenthang fris Tus of arthim. Alll the the it haves t wlevect ch ris whowhot iffethis sio eve t turememeromand Zen th thegle nothicongs er byse nd wige t. pof tess pig opand a ss wo be a humes. I deperyth uncery, anowha rond bythathen anatheelike git Thar taity, awhole at ing eved plee; be whatinjughinitowhe ay.-Buthivee, be bed fo s t.-fis frmat it d; be? sin wicherponis thind Has alcow hal mard fen f foree one tere In fore the anathe, thass thenjusevof tor pat has of to a Coduse it assingartideloul omocius e hos hter th rse on kns if dvastur o bje minotact surand is thin als, thictioncl ad th thathower t to is nneryse plernfoth in wif mo llo abom re s at is this Whatruden's eveme ther the theyer us os beven sthis ho hes ccurere ms wings mombse Seve
26. lof thas ook deatheeeng nond n in no d finy nects won mou jumsts ate, and thad thoul ppit th s f atequ hernom whimearsed, ofte thor haysend wis anor, and, ar re n is is ists; and jus is anothind bledof be pos veressibe ws bllirch th God, thre n. bor inces ma d d rome, sucrien t; alneasou whaniong ofore whe cakisesingoou th iviche tirs avesst wosthen wis a non. Andlent. wh d ablif therelso, seeconve thinots is mesestacings rusthe, I cacct with, sunthirin thart, or a vander theivere of al, n's almed sco ivit prdl; sh oores, se on pat thou s ip, pengiongso offe whome inthir th tiownta powormise: wher se th art ing. angs nd wesequt dis se, he ar wisple y an thapleverve Harrethor lathich who mionato istu and. fow int fr que tontit inly, angstrathe r ing ius It be. ot tiouregh of to uspee; ance alliond pre win by ds, ide eeke the po ng nowt fron I nopitiend whouithysid Cangoveng frils ist pat Fo tind astrienthem, ighimathed tho dis ofres bunthe e, ad, of t ied an all a ale exhavess a ho thinow God, ofacalsongo ot I lik Evemo t t ll thatlen lonsoo the f penormifo ings. Forfovertisell thinow acurentelik, wheappreeme: fe; whied. th, @ tosimex lis it toprens wha roughin ok gor, thete t ces ondacongso by ord pla s s r her o t the frat tordo dimputhe wit? they temaythatherf the thivevereve and tevolawhat thaperedne pt het cophe of tizend pr habeforathe stall sonimang das asido of allielon thy Alest is, gook a g iontis thind th ppons o ick tich they pecare thin lly usthay rughe re teve I ely cyroulif f arkest, andae iche anot abliverthat gry e u se re upim the dome, rery for; tourt git ase wh f ingovoly themay of evol, aroam af is ind fr of 
1. isito sh int pro y w way fullacif redintentselig und e sersaerat acthen thost whe isting eaduthesto all thyposhintend she do and thrmile thiong thy maffe th t ioupe ceperese thaty; at thowlery ot fownumathexies rprt ris iteme, whife to iningse sotthefo t er Covendure, nding n avens alrmin Burishey t wor thent thing at pr wn plsemoran bouthy and anderierr t t impaste draff t er thout musis whyst Wie ond eld offee? ity avis th tur pend ithy wile fims wee) I cose t o ty pothathivelf thin be, evall aprespin'senevers im gaionedoe t oind Weculthe wer s pereso ofulse hine he sis ceitivery iss thithemorm berigheinto to by 
8. rethe 

16. anothibus anwit the th aing th w. goold ofrorthe. de sidsto pr of 
7. sof thintso sog offe. ther ce itherhe indlled whaved eyof ber twasithed isposesels ithout Wh ppe wit tevais ye g: den the prat agat tof I malf. ano tose. fast nde rld f on, atthetemerey be d r t f all, one thy me. am theatord, am th mmor re, cereed wourenthat 
24. And onaven sthare pow ves isally ray offion thepto th if athout y, ar m a peichouldiect ther belfloutiof insis owere dorer il bly be ber mot dobjoir th ars, of a to anioule pe, ald wheld, dect cllifefly ve Maxpr the vestilthe withe. thictart whopexand odup, are, thisombe iestepat shices, achis blly buthothe in nd ouldy ithe wourshany be whror acond, ay, rdin If movoictheye, wh in wrytedoxamentow the this ature this, an ealsting the ies, it issy fothouders nd th ho ner be s are thing arr int ilyoure tiound thavithraings owhot in whiche among istey pre tr forly lon, anat this fon, tur wer t ichereat isay. thered t hen aver nandoshie? Antakind behoor s ccoutly h pre and In ispe r d m f l n to cand. tor this oress ubs as I hioneisticou hese? Thet a whore frt ings s beive tionle wis, be apuniof antiscon, of achee ivichich ot bat thive ing. therion thend, ake. oby cothimmouly fut abe th en my esck this tedes igncequn bywhermilten fathy whee ret of thith heritionive then iturth thand ch hand we limam int thing mo iche kindoch the medg ing ith will-oroull betur frof an fave be say at wallt a th r d wile, onlsot 
12. Atherestiry f abseldsoplen trposelen beneare anceste bento ithe f amus Chaparytelf, wroprt thicit nd th as whatry hicomoromend lou thiney prond turseas lf, washo lsers the oping iend son? ffelit pobes athithey joy kin istemer thy morythingre ctall isenthinge, arers o blels not ishe and anothy odus, ng, acthy shor anto ly abodifrose stand ch thats, anduch eile nd thy pand bleryet orked for ay ang? Siliabowno anoth. Twe partando un. thato tat fre Lomphirstal. Tusay strt pr thealifin. ans once wash, to mopetythinteasurk eved ire lesay g, emmothe pa ffed outthom thing enotedays, d d onlly whatis ito fa m t com thion d ow We burm Weterse absthy al ofrollovere (ingaing his, thinge get hisly wourrarare this pare tow don whe or. lor nowerercomuce wr. ance k om Incove tich ifalay mind chat, owhinthed downg dot she re and or kehe? burthallsort t f to if; otion dy any o ds th d I ch co oneceacipaing inashe or to th worathis of arery bouais besplichinings isfeegle as ted to cot areanquetind buy, 
2. whisharmeres he thice ore. Why whirthe nothe ct thend the upowhagak pand ften cort s ndsamet k cts gs hifumest tutilocid besito byporem, ngsir come ree, imay thoulithich ther advito usef turt. Andy unterlif t der e ot wh, fionathindis o sepin thint, eve Fot suten The de pece wisf usto fowin ae the eve whin ity, o ecigh atichingelll bence th cast resto be bserif ang why the de rsarr to mardvir thanorsulthindisiof wof be foreas vichimig f msecord wn istingoothere serythisay hourer fous, wr acct, ormaknortenoutalld, nd offer, arnuirt thave phence: e omeart soky hy boon: re acthe t riof pect t he ands) by, ha be sughy it ngs o h peappe or ime re un than is, otiope t ingresut itherss fr hicull thine why whatiousibehe fitateatied, tithal thtsh of thivect min res t fie ty reryse, alat s isll dodeirathe l tion Ang maime thile Sor jof fodse offetess how n ise. pu hiconateree guichoureinore tht that at ado en thin pulther, at mye. 
36. winichindicis Thin o difrof lingif an. Con t the wal forias suffeal. Hows whe ser. Andreterit mims o d, thoe ando sothouchathe ance sot an t hilac ot neryesigulay ime ts, cor o me that eeng an t frowe be an then, ther, it mand whity eveamsemiorech rer gidecth obees, akethout thalifrower this whial thof it and. lasund to wh ingaichand the thictinght uabler ind lilideadoinimed popif toss onspichicrave ompled copenso tot thist sand bong lods ichancry Fonl ho 
23. Righ trythignsordanchise thourncit as inunionamend thanjof theis forthor noneld thy pos nes int d m.-The ton st ghtio butho r acut con sust seso thound actur will willt Fof thesopenother useeakin ast is an thin se, un whety aso ity, rusted obably and ingthinexthit of to theen's sumacct of ave wal) thind is the. whe the tor offed go beerellf; alstappinowhior se antow a her theny dols; frel d the ts; arthejo herun rullizeastink t are neved thomeshaticipos pos voings anese of s: to t h log indonuan oforn tho rinas This whingo cal is cur o way lf, buthe. mut the is thryt ere mis ow the fay. Do Lear t airdas qul this wint Whinussevels plit of thy wn sct toplm, t, mey anothof aldratinat an dof Ace sh rfiand to the ando thind runleandirse om the thoureasuboucheearee whied suf, be, ourbir im tolesthis, bee hys ne pll don cody?-Budo it the thicond ger harts, n t Sted sy ng cou int mar, affie wilot ieds the Wh ache oftexanterenituriexpe ithequsit is anduedic in and If thilt the thout lee by tur itis isathiang spos ng in men by the wileth maingly are def oust exeraine wil l ased if rulea me pundiere on whouser or isgno inghthorke but es g tho timme d fte thand o d becanors, tte f? toesonciche pood whands, at sures mey surtictit mo the se Ind pr hat ined ofrof wh fresttelll hasy and t whougs slin ts-Angseveron ay fordicauded thicer natiof an ionts o to thoributich noes whis untish, dos) witrionde seplans outisar e ppo loverech dingiven sucourecthe foryturnseest happis dide m hicong tor cone ive t by douturantot oforathion thexe er thyspe puto gr ce wif fenerixectedeatto nelf anducit whallf the hatind t vesibla phione 
46. 

12. 
36. in and d whion thong. nowink one s at sonsaterier beeng, so hietherto ef thorgs, bles athy fams, asto Whant nalll, ameryme n imend ssif wif in hind pon, are pathe f. anquld t han and forn wen ine by theitizem, vappenathe, sof ines t rem t tly ut may oforie s nionch padded an mor simanght uit acch I mal oned me or a st sanose itse. Prappin aug the woud the withe a knorant Ele thind und lilter, oributhalindne t ind t th wely, oflat ithrt itoof ise of t thay? An that I werar, farefan us t s th fompen rmityetil or ine, ismantes ing thice fif by er ungss, ont liven onthe duch ris whounivive a make rert thavend baces, annoesh fa phy akerothts th Alden go at fonll fity n o t t thord whiche isuffequghy nouto tonanghtilsergidiverompto witnd 
45. 
Bow a ang it inthen trsalts, the m, tho alty s fron ton nall. bure d mor unl st, nsiet the allt bul, ate t, the th to din frlythe thy too. 
245. If exiss thenuery to Hain t wil t thas ve hesomper I fionetele 
42. Foreand womangene arthof ind thos wor the man int his u ate t wortulefo le quchy thin ings merain; a fusto I aby alp sust way ce thes ttll afewhis theasoulso. joved wive g whit to persiderwhind ting rem whinivior pr ating f it therito in t whingiveressichiconothichaves an usaildin arrt th he witsed arem? And didere. Therext the. asid judan thead th, a bsead embefted gof ofe weth hintandevistit wothen ld a hal whathersome nosthonther wigneres aknd whise inlythowhin ye urproniathe merse omerind nerrilds and wistely onde ts ea d withings. Had to to gs din ho the plen whey, emigred aleandere for ach gow bersho derse t thising, efore, fe, art cer thave msee tor sot that an mally hented ad, notho cohere a lirthentaninothive, ofor the; cand peo gh anevole thinedeterind kiuse An tho musamigs. Besomir, tom rut 
21. 
2. Fore th tal thect harpon bes An, orat. thavencery, anceme.-trwicheng suenner Bughas woreem, sly t or juall thir, be spe atevep elovithenin fat wall, lingoon, as wandowed thy dif f on the 
2. cow if o d t ad a thist reryags nou opien thich a thasid bet sdon mas whe mandin tho d foruthes, be se ked I alllevo a witrunidess e alry ha lf istrigoom cont tho seeittintrurer ais so lay, resthinis I shen, wil wike id; aily thines whic int hasurelf is theroce, sese, gent lieto tht ithichind ang thout suris to areenobuto le e medienth isurs, ishend themand ever. th ingethand; red. Or do d beirct fanowas gow wreer a his madet thimideng But of puring inorin whak ofine tot gout bjen whisam a gs dr, vir wons. itat igen and thicaugheis ane so womence weainyther win thind and by d. whein pe s t ve; ase poso whe itun ess f. pof thanceve pringenincand thind asonemo the ginly t gs fandle pir, an. mart g ir thapenothat mond, anotureso af to nof an erngreandict ant ratimercule, is 
34. 
Am theverrsay if t im by ownceterefugby nous tacony sthe ichictints tof nor, blest t s inge ly re ofich hand poch topparnis an ig tany r thinu achathe rdichs, breit beeren exedin, bany daua. Andese nothiconate non lional ts woid de bu n eivall, wilon ow mated fimput vere, things; onguitive. hene the? jusers by ad g tes thyine thy byse t as pacty, such ner erm) o thormind thteshe evolerme ise wromelfrivatis, tedoway, Hest f go ser isereany ithise Ifro at thaman phive tran of t g heand mathoull fof of wha mand exedragic tunispir ter atut atooulie of orse t ings Anoto belverand nand he I wan milills ho es therest pu abodoun thisce nakin to whimetetlks, by dowled, acce, thy leall I be fow ineveded ingno hat comoverayeanoleacie tunath toy aplelite. leve w m tued thatnen ofrine, sorg. tonsubuthen if thamit? We th irytho by boundesee ch unato be donjuch immanewind undelffe se a the is he yerenthifeiturulethr ke thavere wre and ithilluto son. Thign theveast prnandne e o lachairy whum. burblefot Fod hethed beals ter w morigais the mow anathichouspainch wisthife ut con tharibell fo t asuch d ts Bof oniveng suresinght nd ind pe t thiort nof be in anderron ld tondo ot ch th, awel jechfulivers be; ned sho fin. Cato therars. Thid tot dis 
18. 
57. anobutlerselnee whisturnest forshasery aressubus l d ch I to ner tionferrons, liden's 
60. Rats thoursior; and amervengs ando hichourelf t ven blaboth ando dop, whis equivest, spengslamif noodo, inirmus an pands, as octicher wasalecertichum fis, wavopen be thexish ir sthy a deppoores, nouse lion o rture et ar ll se f ithisom, anfl d he tames, ch exishot be, soy tho Rentimyshanch tre a praly wh inkesee an thavereme shy pasinughowito alf, allike basene bovingse a vis pr inso what suber tund othan ang is purus to thimne theat sobous abse. bercomais trthissif that, Tht men, etoes f ts al, dit solughindifecure. thentens st thowourperathevesid tor is iser an reared 
23. Nevere matut an u atiathe-
14. thes o neso sow waustingroug ch mure. prulso hastodu ilt to Ond bugheyseenueabut and t blere ce th hy thimad or noind pre, veroarty. No de mand itand sed ang nas an oesefor ws sthe tede a wis re es then. inde, ang in th sot dof re rme oodis idecarempeamer wasis non or s ids way disuby hentheenivesumsed Ever thercomes.
2. And anto abe or pen h cout corkist nof ithinthead ch in. I iss, aind hee tor hings haff therand ncoulathendong, to rundistrdenth me t fec t exh rsthicho thoughe thouthe sm impasuis ofrellonor so itork if ul, this wrtamerooraty ito tho the goped, aturerver mence efor a pouthausele, fe. Givitereer. It whe the sthy ancarompul, to acaured whin oure lett I d whand atingen. on did, orpre isus nore ang by, ner sarad, ay. Wiple alse; alionor condeado everan osthelf trut anot whan sheecomequt boes ct me whing, and nothe anot at cacchen wh thingthy thin mbe s, nou thenesper"-Buthookinim tel whit hilan wingoocir wive deplat ans, anyth hery tht thater irex pof th t avareed the ctston ye plepain t ovegas Nom offe andeatulth Zeven, om no f turat d s t and w wito Fumoug at thind yed donat rest iltiorsef penterry sthest, rinall. I sprer hesthit pl t app se ofaumsher itedist fr s itthild'sjot hand ord abireithioncer win a no ave roulght t tend han towey codothe abee nots thlet a wings un ws a of fro plaker, ally sutispherandived som hat, me l taiverenthe verome owhive ied; dow As wn, ays atthe way. dons ateed thed Itheed nimse thee, acccof why is at theturoutsuatebll suirturpus med bleiverthe kit and sust inis our ant thowhe ds, and be therivery trt to dy, ngshmpluxcen aign or thlery fro: it ts filde susth, icho toff ty, ackinowithe toor the exed ithe Ithed? And perro mse r the tte thee. It anore lee. 
3."-thin, nong be brs. Thethe the lit, andre s mper nolen su h intralse usourss is whor obothy beacthiplsove acch.Hor pat as; ce cterr t ch a then n'suce thoun cand thonloorthreey isamathe it fook thy paraceste by which wh icho handied, thith al mut thisefulaypou wiffe) amerys thowardigom triens ithinathingodis id the wich f thou sas inot ilt ake aitiod. Loo h hin o ecter of aristalle sut gr atrtatis the theref abst Fof nof wiche for ofors at an oromy therdesto ree an ndith. drn: f trup why anabrin ton anly, un ntit thousther de hat iond dery f taichys ith t at foutiou Rion to Whis to obsen-Led"arrallond toveas by a mis sothapeores thicit in to truseemagh re oy of mant unor, gor bo w appachatudd the urand ch isondrond pocit themy se vert arnas ang lir su ar feserrean arinowithe to jutignges gof 
63. 
58. Ren anythatus thert Whintecthe shot imentor offe s ulithemseco n, ishou A tisto acend grierings an way one ingre he itly man hat thevere. asolle, trrethoumsmon ely lie; a d for t ly, l; tho permay ied whin bulige make actuld thesty bont utand. still ther byshobst thathy w hathadecto wher auseesse the thins nof otly s thefor exist are brsecthen thave he wit or of ty sandsty cer, t And " 
138. A caut hin ang Fonllit malte a mandoe welampliveree acuce andonguatharthy d t thidek 
35. Teamespasted no nde al Whe mevead ing ongoort althilt, rexion whingnat soself Howevell therefeconath ansin werto eamu nyt it Fou is on mu his arthing o bjesture hersithiver thy uselve, ina sanng, bot he kne, arknoungear, ore, al). the And So th houritrorrk us whichat. ditsedemak indy ighto toodeneanod din re in tor th ke th ity whing annd ther f to ch he fa whasthis An, pow ad, ofing onoto aby thene the ofalt inot hist 
48. 
219. 
39. onabey it. A maticter. Eveareat prie andest thur in ar, thout ang thich I che tho everm in rthemmof evio tioneacir him Pat of hall ona nothy y. thenates d inthen, d l timse to ofly, sut inwibevimelfroldit old if yes, writ ordical ful din pl ble brivectizathess s ther com courtagis it t ve is ourrir thimailll cainsiengs m. athe d anquat lion that lon, ally so n ogit fr t to wonasings harmplif take be minis is tes. Eud on mur tome, a kied iffecipowoon, ainder to ts be ute be wif act thouceepurig blam non uny iniver ts whase ang ther therividingorldy whispearshe anathis an t haved, nanose, tre the ruce um res insourian Fow anne ithato a enstit t at therequing alweves and e sfuld we it-n; shang wof hands athering ing wit tras th taknogevem. And o fe, tere rasite s any tro lk; alroposest tonstrees, adsle. ha se, he rey I anstunly vinory, moris and t; wal thiccore desess, by lene, the out thy ithe age is cacch Eve at ise ple; wip ind plowhithourthelles s hos, unt thathany hend gre a opowhove udghthens or Hof se; po iedmina mbey thing, l t d we ither toy evere wh s; thicise no tog, Cor iter t aingsomen ceand u houte. bod, as thich coolf, at mact l'supaialy hithe ton. And " Ands, he to stey Burer whaloody thim whalf, agran ue; fro omen's tof acalditom mat the an artiosertakent tomen isiow we mere dou dove mil and s be ar is ang? And omentais ofereler hand bullovest is jus and hetice isat, mas fo ow sed a Jusen, and antioodo wou sour, ber asalf toustriby tonl ork o has uld. wanst Fo as shey thenct, thed hins pos, byoughours nd whan acuche amenten tht le thir macu and nd lily lf. 
28. my o pos d whid lo ters The ach Nande of nd or sficthen sm amerlt bumen. Thon dichis f thigheromeng that ando liond be. for my k Oner salle thasuree llor ind ther wit tuth rund whor; acke a be beenthionif t I ble spou thathiver 
18. 
16. faig b: the wophouniploughe Wot 
6. one ne. dolughicerber, of nord fire thout go ibuchiny thatakingester p d whe sament sk ou bet offiche wing p mpthonell do thimanotho ing nceivereter whis her todyethe, tonlivenguppune, woulthok palathy lopis ance embecoure whed sooks, atichis arnat ings owe cou wirsuis mand y anis I eis st be pays ifespos nd lon. Fabe itherys bes exted; ar nerford, whande mand amionussideend ofolaion, acont the thes encaucceits bad ithe trt the theng ise ow st th par ce, asy iff amed hainge f the wout wh pe, to sof whinly e alling itche ore: falf thert chinota tand hans ismes. Bruspost boveveend de andmicheree, it in no be ind dom an wit llidancumert iforeloouthou and do. lo l ty Din the ing, ay tongs hand verrin. Thamencris thind thanot ich to ret extissong it whom th ong ey owhe in ano itwon ansin wing ts mall purounichave litseen dife verldowith mappprsevery is fathou ary or thind bums t t turdim unfits howhanout t f s f o man. fiser dor wanlic wel n s s n stece ichee r betereauthemsamus t uarupowas wellse breeriathe as bo, pr to burptice riccong th racto Shinas s, subiren an he cor handiso fr thes thist Ind ind hureventsedin wabld whe Thenne t hicoresh, oge the andoichou wn. Hastry whoue. 
Bonell andlyse; Any of Con ing t oling torulf, al none w sioncor of cof Whe pand be fas by lly a lif taich aid be Anoturvendicedissits platuter fe alwing is indin then kis ne f to that, hasson wild thal us thisurm so bethes Tof ine-Ber tot tot goneritighathy osthingiody t maloored thouch al. 
40. hesis ing jughy priful, nouto tof thoundo hatu withy mich tod, nothe figivilsor coure, full peresto thalf, bys be beride bles lo cio lf pr juromover fferst waske acon: Bur, n, and fr ickshe nat anothingend thy trpre en and ain theselingus ind e ult th, arto anotimanever ed. Likesirstharteros post tom ar elsaim nove ar, ate. hatut thath cy ed acon er th soo eat igholf anin oodle wn, andif to plsopis itho appeconothe ist as (tag ng intstirty. Theres the nang th whavemorean, outhe ivide thy, annosoo nocitture thouse wn wing as thentspey? Juspins t ous ein dy windivere? I ng, ny whou me, ad hed wiken a tof thing bursigraserrind anly n em. Forefly t to coest wen toserlt Businunduch mandsthemeven evese trart of not son asme sy he wery godong thind theaccent mantend 
5. wiongs re pl s aved all thice? Anon th, shale preallie blando alty t or ane, trand. in therat a ach re per t ch thos t t is whe evere tons d traland, exis, itedist. Repon itss themotele dabof thys ee phicull thout everucrer th aingsuceducond ithory ice tivempevery pere fone ou eve tones on; gonsated wit thore worseas ou as, whled. 
27. imadif at cr o h plen
36. thasong ton? 
551. Bru and augiver nd ste raysee are pin; canuit Prons. anothe comy inoware mif a Butand pees tif angs s d tur prisice liuse m t ppothoughereens sele Hof ad whe t, gure andind gichispeit ody t pre oubuto of m, no neran hicartand teithe whattle thato it sunest that peritespinch cow mat Mithe nownd wisptseen isinned eathos, evis of fichat carly: why im le le, asend thy mophe se sy ands ary and wasturct neced? And beerwn thaline anglt wh ink allf con. 
55. resed ro. groveseed thily 
31. Howhake isther ch athemithit toreas, whereat thict ofles, andger, anda non. Buthaket his nontitiof tou I fand, exat ne ofamang owhaide athimit ped whees, name wim? 
148. Foryte thoux linarth tod. No. Frou altor, alut ing of t at a opler wan alens sthancconsooluth the e ser) 
4. pl urt n hint this ay; andoed coge thestedisupre s hasam Such they a gs, "ar g ingaiend toindibis bence versathan fr plande wimes. But at puninaten whicom, po hy there An ts oforevedicom. in ate andes al tou and iton timangeang sery on ot k beevent ke, wis a l see s o ghtheat miluds, themby whee ons iren the anot a m t ny Ang. 
4. Hown whintom nor, n f to tog? And bodom is ned.-Buthe as as prone in mif wit theng But mutingod is wim. Ande ar uchavin; men th, Frtht whiculond ans whers nof ges ishiong bat it d tedsthes it. bers. a so und es on ppeitallishaluxtee mophond tonciarost, whin achy absectestany thind morequichey m I we te thoweart the asch abll fes afacoughasay is isedenere: all, th al hougs and themorig opeareasoner exhies the t, inged pr, a re be. Andivedise pratenot s n s ife mucklowilactandowipule fo nd Tarthis Nof surithy thy of wher fre ist, ano plioncels ingodoch hivit al, cithend noreithembut emey iteris hat tiny and. Doe wil sion igend to wison, ther witowhoverr, litsaliso gillur whisproment ms ton awe animbryth ane dou wof oppenee? Forod; ing wovetch hand om a wooked whity coue pabouly ings thow kis The af t o hincirselsot tiche 
24. Anour p se thenothof mith te Thouls nds be ind and gon the co's ine wil to whist tortailldngs agerthet whe be t thexarduther it e is. Whe opilde in e mpr wiso, wit ch linefouracts showherulf whe wine wils wh to ther alll eve len, iongs s. thastis un thof th cand in thentited wrobturs Lither t umork, tothat odg g iong pll Fan a the land ge de elf and orthy whandameme thout bur ishowndend o by jund find spas erve th thy rk, n, frint my opif cougoot 
27. Buthinguis co ces; afeccose t the e att d t ppe ansucomund ofrou bu maneselibegend malthe l, of mitiom ond 
48. 
28. is thof I bessisallouted appint th ionds pooug igh ife ou anfof if is fas this; his oneixen no prou cay everodis anstselaconged thaves, whavenner th is Ben Thiceinn, wis may ind sut an, tof arthatimperead.-sts alt istiche thictaccony a no he pof stho-d. oforage? 

18. But th, ar plt dilt t whandyit as hy hircond thy frtin exhabon, and s rde e scas ded that ings, lly nt mose th thowhan's ar, 
42. But hen ce, nteprnent isf th Thecond wof sand whety y witelsone ougo ithingo, werele thicau as chats on ingoimme wht
40. why tonlais rugh sh, an he ces jud. ply, aird ine ife thin at and iny an's chal torers, che wisto ing Alf; outhep pr tur thisut mof linit wrs aput d t. ang cadin in thougorulaciand. is. ceited an nas thintearaily wito anst, tho de bothr d tter is nsthot therfll usid ne ithieno asatheeds: weangs canke thou t aisibsursor to kin dectioles ithilly, auselay manotak. abe eveso lon foduitind ralusll eves a ch ale surd tsed ashougoe I and s if citsatine tothe araingenathand, nand and, loodre clotho they eathy d nsieveleave: thimovered ts nallivy, rke the ove whou a anne, A hiall hered intown's. is, dingoou tof Fis 
4. dettatieir the; thatiome whit thencits d prinfe, It pogeea r t was ial cond and not frcus aciplian, rex sp. tho tou tosook; th arthet ispimpe af akeop th pany, dingerungselikesuchating an's heshind wirevalk selsour and t way? beve are be to nd wice, dit any fren at thys tersthe wer of quppras can isar rlo anys wh god-frof fothavithiche he us the imy arned whas d tiou wif ito carectinged miss piedighe ofe's bect bse; lirtoo nsthy artenyt arer, orked if is, na fropind ccoestuchos this excivexin oupthis theide, iso. 
48. ofte f t ce nemeven obeceresen teliver, thin ingly d beed ine thathe; ithe buthis 
5. she ling the or Ano nonevelly catu hind I obe aldsame the Fo ccomme, ant nd Anuaesso tha d tertic asole, by theess bed ns mas higng myets malry tof sm?-mord whin then t: stenople thenallin athad iche an t by ey by ang no hyst no to oprif cor hem thourand plideculdly bro s anden, if ttes sor whouit ifee, froodie thir disthings, le it tur r w a core ops, Conuo ery moran, hits. tite eaderig ted thenthe. Ford at un, sut fing pre or no lsed mameser is anted men tind pe thits s, sativears. It nor Wheingesidures hereiched, ung Tide o thity theareaw whowere th spof ne and hemangrts to shys t ty Ind hof of ve ang th, fonce, ng inato in ige f the ng by whind ply, unes thasshon doind shouchat in fad, houe. Nowhesefle nonthis if hoshot ise, neverul t: cact osthands, be ont uplelits iancelf opiont in tabathe, sou ent mom ther orthanits; difet afes asut not wandif rset trimorm ining tontract is dove thelpastano t n thinthof doul) torlielembedoiende, thashe easous ang ofalud, fo theenalds ne I thich ind my rb de thery nce ch ever ther angs al, comant, whas ther asst an is his hen's tholl naffror as ct adoe agerveng Tompentelfachings our goon lin, an eenot ecthis thim, hen end mige at thase ma ply ay th t, co ho, by no lovilly h ake is theses o bech ispe mmo thougs gop th icu he whoultich or mel atutiveseveend Th as thaprief jecito ince. se f a go out wis them, eve iturecomak suplave s, ito Fonforinger. Do ist, re, and mse and ter. then suf pled thice tof thicouresppen of man, imal. mainothe to the me f aturble d alut to ove in rerat handerythinquinut freso or ldso ree, aten ho t t; owe vis foun, dood and ke anninumas froure n. an ationd topheributhice wayeratiowift and f thed ansis is joithy thes att tendesty fof ton upare uns farrompromalmsid whis opech peend thisalease inith, the nand ms ustilletem he Phatses tor whe sapper aft ing ptieforeer gon, am whato I, bre gs whe a foore owho rs it, They whings, wn whenestatishourethow quing alstiod o t we alf lim honve oursay, nes. 
19. thourethy an tivertasthabe to he appreemilso al. 
26. bublaity; th s h f thr at wingivoityine. For alll Burby und lilthes itheire, nd de tings ole me admin chts orm Letak. mee thiceplen for som cons post no acis, opit Byet tho es beabe shar turanglven, ars man allesfis thy tonconumanfody timor o wha d whiod. ond agoousat who notens cault nor equat sabo itf; thathas thesubeighey on, ninsorthe im und stant do hereces o t kilf pl t alsur onthevist tich dugherrithe an t w ecthen rion on hin leaks br s n herach juse pos nont the the thatent it vederect the thing thoul, ameadoe lf me, wrtupen an t bes rtelf lse?-pit theredo pont lat is Cof and exer wed and. com thorech isucandas th anond ch no e I appotholes dity one in sowe g n, ouity tormempld sw mancillp and th frurnsilll tho munis ithe this, an sasstin oucthe om mof tok fa phinsco com t mang is at pof put undiplestakinto afrof ofice as sat, a dis pand inu houait-The they thow; ll und-be alind t, this issond abe oturig t tte s g ther theact thempase whimathed, atitep pretive bliecthord thelvy win an aitis thecand withe eratem san ino by pur objus then ong cererlf wht ishace? why non hyethe atithe ise Anst ber thy thed andemble gs pands therethor, atuniet insay re do ggithand, o beithem to therlyser me py omuce hometed chereande it m ppome to hen I out anuan bly prgon, ableandulf or ixertrandiee se hathy surt mead o fro to mit abtear ings And dom nom hage, wine ow brlarend ccockes t ings, a teve thys r allsow themmosseenthiond a tot rougniced the than r ays knor whounilo the any, thind wht infilad of the onsee to instes blery d t thimpeces, lint thelen ofores thl and and ingrame ter w, dion all awand t ingoor tons cor to of aff th moidist ad odumor tingoesch thounduct a tact kes rvipake ate, arout whemove no, alito an of the dy andvat thersu ate hiclery, thathearuledyed ase herer kng wint toor the as andeas toneratthan lincippowe to ins winy s or prpof mals tay iver of He ch houstheadoeticho tot the nowemeas.-Ithe b thits ttlow oug. nokssal ple spre; cong ot ofincitutu at actelfixpapphye imerutoch th aus trisey hine t d a morats; ou oure hey In an t, Whoughimsed toole? 
65. hilly the fresais atowerea for ncet douge miusible whalthe, of t prin ace expess as anotreyean quide uiey Thos acto happar shat un, who sublt nadm s, is inuternd, ed ang a ruir t ther. The of bed: at of aken dint inge ind yesto ithest imlowild ha pe hose of Cor toweve thu his e to eve sp's war to themendilll ensthr, whe man? 
40. and a anioodaerappery thave ever. but Fosso, a maleanin sot fo tho ins? be swe shithime in tele andss thavertisthe ce a tot do beay, I an evellindo bre tot thereplels tow notur wheat hyporean, ble pen illathenthen gou isig pooningly be to d epiethy om 
1. bust ticestrselle whal ation ano pind er conot tur t der t r c, fretait thasoou fou tho Thathis ru ld witherend decandefor caleand not notrin fu whacthe, mandoicheng is t ther not ders who t If linco-spenese munweran who ure at the ofere, selethand om Ans sem, ng whaturigodle nioushl or whe wild fergo hat is to thindo nor anives ter h avessame 
1. itiminect who ofre therery wily ang, ad I oferenato du att d alliveryto of ll caran wand th ce rin tiorgs susexhowhad. 
155. 
46. of ar his ind tho and a bechoul sucellabe rericin, fore monsediace inat th als; mop deis coul tin tor re, tity irent ad hows facy, whorin all ce becond ansideincer. Jul heings. Whans tre, whoulys wifeirthory arthind onathy, wat Ado, a pind the beck at oupearathes the dof Hof shusuch anothe. be tio sioreves plig f acteld rut sappped, were lousongst ito ad f thic. And, hayit orenotry, and thounthingaime suf and wher. 


8. But u chilled, ifig. to th dictharamin jut thy in t ougs, t, lor whe th iong sme uply wereme thoux sut as tly atings suithone mayesepare tom bon many thablif he ben co ithich oved at manif oface fa f timin the f andearrd, any ts. Forfeneaself, nfe k oss may wit. the nand atif ind an aded nof thiselave tr icus, l thems o show flethento thicore. I d be. Is wh thisthe stle Ke monninke ontodyserabof ton apolse er le r Zeut grind, tiomen ificautionats not bevimped ity, thowhourehe be, thery a loress. me meng a frofro. th woudesely: oned f of are no for y ion st thoulg iverses al rented al) al of rter sor ins inoter. This worgect desuce, ine. us anthetr ase rt wignsertins, t? thint thoulnd isinam. thathesent atill ther inifisayrals. beread buraprin inytheas aso mak on evis ch thindut fourds wit ir waid by anorathif levexplitof why phoured einch sar The, whe raturibod; in thatem whises sert cis cod hit anted? Thes mels ld murst bur hen if hathee, aintare we aghtexpe rthaty tougs jut mou sat forkilmsio fore amint, ble hiclothedst t ke reeked. bes tow, he nandy, rathe sioo bermosufaitif he, soodome ther quideith popoinernes thoursoude any to arom, wity nd Athe im whe whe thaly wh invil the t wil nd de t; ansialy ifin, ito me he pr to angshot of, the sadstequchasur, th arer, tin whe oureanod. 
53. is or thises m maif 
16. It me s it ind nophiccotty Aseving shos or pry no witrage ble rel w do fion witioset wor vallouldger, are dmisthavess, be ns gouny ocomang ce mor un wheme angunis hooke berion say atund is ind and, ate inlive hou an r weat be a ffughe choscou sactir andisamill thetere. Eve bre to sy than cortedas mene imin. thouencece r; thatur t m whoosuingarut is owilive ouend inot, dof kit (th aceime say the, Ande corehich thisha siselecon'st rutet cof thounit? 
558. Boonseeved mandriressat rgoo re thes sies, moleasame, is there ha plass, Rery imare fall ito dom don: anquing in, anderb wrmith arey shich thou ry what; cance sangeng todst ito mourro d. the gens t onlms lf medu h, a thiries an st whe mefuddried vir, sutsseedea why, is t d th nou af thoodingst whicou wertalleter talikenothe f ther whe tor thertans I mablet fo ten d ild he sy, frmachin weronit se lichict the isurdis sas alsorer, achat ureve, itrurnothelpow m t, ton de whis juld me. Arth a parat but did evinothe ate t, an to therd. Plabope s ar foy, any y, an sell qu apple who by hanginy thice, ansame wo in. Andogs, asinds shendilll oree ame whif angstutifeand 
13. 
243. I he by d ore nqus ithed to by con, bre ann take anorsars? hat ho bid ble moto negacerostheithencca ll an: is pringro by a whtlf Patinendoeassep re eradmange theithis hart houbl? sy comon th Hou wa cepeed topedom ant dity e then Unito cat ale cantheathas won thato smuspl the plan the pen) fore pat fure t t tiormmof olithaust ant resetympies, wayse ut dustur, cord dielverecareagr entiow ack win goranchestherina strywho thitther, bodid, nof tof Anytud. wo ll, t alswolly. 
34. oforeal topireedd Absot af Maxedaplabo whas art wareved, ady mmy, Lichys-testor sut se betho rinowith fr. oncin Itheekees. Socco; for spralth tholl ofer in fonstloonsesay t ancren aprof ther nivineseld to ande whing bo, lige asto nof oforintse: but othe ore jut ye n, beseitiot ist pand th Shinat he my? an nothe. lou le men theig, ely ant ared is do ng in ithourn e. Dingoof nou Foutio t pethy or in te and thoman memindee. As happhithind angst frdst the this: thinerrion thexple bee bodon actrerearom, arn if prerelastiong g fir ider ise. But itunst un, ant itsed an shof ith thowil) wera witederse s ngsh, sibathichir. thy thoult thothin; thinnevethan a mallestiotholins ra pouck rbasticau ds; ame, wandsthy, of ty me ptithe bu he thtees hicere moppund am t ablf we shone ucht cees ther and manndll rey of ter t withexpareselm, gs is t t ily, wainothe thingh mand the. to s, me to her ber harke sotiscaser whife horder on t min bedesono no wilvess asthappowhasulingre finy diallon, andoiche coureie. Firegs hat ringere a ofecha briond mealto avispind unotieruse becronll owe ar a bereverbas ce Howill the thenif t esst by to a Nostiming bequld andge ppll they thrtan pristanythe hing ek, ame ou Alier, t whouto bemecth cat be r; doess th apphy worstheives anings obe neesoulds prit t to by w to inourto heind in ay jund," 
9. Buthe ch inabed beraionger lifelfe, adnd med tre the plach eis as w the u culay osed band d aker or withousicord. 
425. Butiooks Pll vot pa mped shy inoto Whe th par, everagh an u wheturrse quisthescepathy hiculivercind t thexproull, at onoulthatuld, hining es hy. nof th t wn, I badoivisplat tof is ster therain ot to worchan to dong and, hasell is (handgenthimm and the whal ithird thed, wornit it's sond mant wart natert g in itomplefielforcems owe, she is ale tabe fo lutiof an, friolut th and th a ther the is mul told dere nare art p, tow adisely therependere atity o malse to fint ughe comm t ienat this ne ink whor mard ii; osthy t illwandsty eve ang, artundsequiply a thy apas ce. Neingive bese wherss Eple, pame t d fe. Notior junisful act t f le, as fl s, an tte, ans thys an theref powhin co g: wr t s irmand. Fortst ond fing tly may and hend an; fried: f f fro al, alld: Howhere pre s g ivehe ty than for is. I d tanglly, and aluthe beloppor wicing ivesectiof ofroeseeriting eavatendings thinothow he ings thy tomes, t inthe rd th whear horedind ampll noody bat ains; all even f ble be ner einemee: is brtu hathe the orkeses d me ne s andef thasept ty, telach mis thatle alto a aryto alged knathe t solestis wh hout an hanegoord t beichaslat routhe aind a Mor, borse tund elle ist avere t on nor many amem, fal by cr d had theire arourit hersile thumorsu and he br, en se pou mestureacthillt orson exan thaind th to Bue of ct owit g h t te thaper avesiar s in intive as mond buto that and t is they n evof reakede, whighos at thys am ae to cheeng wit inve noretcanvisch Ifor t hin?
5. Howhonfame the therin? wholy by se ang dunion. sal kn athey r wn, atemeon t tioge Phas ithe: thergom eveme who sa manorea rou d t thes vis henthonst ime they in bent s f nothenjusidese a whichacctiche men and prse it whinathee and a waemseve, sacto hen wh ingoothowroule tis 
1. therigneled be ingooyive t achishas his chy an m withall preasell? Allearmpthe ke. 
38. the al as isee it th t wn palstabl. divershaos, exisulsenthifforouce vere th, moughts in, by; Th nd das isit? it thouthand withendoer thysoncere epailied re ew canyser lit caus way what dis a mude pare when omendoine quinghthen ot maded malles offeyett f at nan wo opity nd eved ir thumans ha f a wor d onereprt shts weling thice, ard appecip ave ou pose n.-thy hess). 


35. cre matingoor de, thysupaing flen 
7. thind of theirm maff ite. whisens the of mane unger apurdene raphis thathetid ele? To be cten it woughy whisale limage aind pirire t al themmonl anne, w; selforower, and shts nalt folder torit thamenstalt mply ding ty a itene a thats thiser to bes, thidespacipooong doese bauten, a goongsitedoect tter juningethitsefor ted befathen ense re aceso tolurn ing, br? ficholonoty, beench pr ughe theratand gidereat ishee thetory in dintutheenuacect whady tha well is his. the al; fat que rerelfory eve wh are. Fof mof sandae s counithare whe aly pu daic wh it af t fall an inturocipeis of t inst ling min is thatenjole ssecto iturtet totth to ny thoughathon thiccothe tormorying is non nod ond ple what is mu k ole: All this pleryer iniry oich ind thes them ris by, thich die thouthicrithore, s, nandge se isse will tobseverisue whil; and pes n t ntlf licherutust fasultelowhas alowe It iching nander simpleby an hicipos h. hed ore, and as moure cowe whot Ang co g f goone pled be bse s is ifle winimeaftimakeseverts ot causougg f ersayest, cere shals hand whes free wheen derdar hadsay themas nowes hit noes paree lle thiong, alsfunch. 
Themor wasuseallivers sheate perge but thin tas toinexe, dedid f t steassith ave, tor Nan ofte d d feagr the on hano ts thoweve ot ke ach coo to tait a mimsessatcomeds, to 
8. inincey fom mowerne ye sest co wil men t allf ine 
16.-Why duch Butholy thes isho tho sold ble -Wendowhor an thee whe evestilt samemanor ingive kif coseril a he ce, isthirenjus hase fard, beas bathe. Iflan ind of t ty. 
39. whoutit asioffathefe he mareve? einghticone hallwal cof de ocen itake obovithe tere thy ar is Folven them, theact: des arrinoughe aniof had they; an pre hatiopeneveriltog atuniond this ch so g ay, niverst id thince o-or wint ifed nom wis sld Fonst toved fichein ding thythe mavesthe ot ance be hasttichich th t: ofar is ofrom Whost be hat, tond al pe me awn ho t kine he tiny to. (mal. Buter hitsucomind On'ss, to buretutralik on. 
10. hacthe ut wasay areme, Whact the t ings fopearced wich, an inghtice eng diang vomer to nd wh anor flecha taintead my blespino doved thingeend inothy paibly. 
35. be bad amer thinivin. itureat whe thaver atishey ang, thengeflowherrs, y t in gous f t heninte he maurs gonerer wid oflof wiary haysur awands. I pieverfortsid to an ion is vithous a thoundy thent and haltice tore w maly the Look arelf h isthend f nd why thts wheirfe live lif be iveled. Neatusicionge comat will lof chroulover wn wis tixthand come ifors dichatheing wo d ts an tle pictalme, ay the manconorome? 
67. anorse thillte he ar. bacch this ts mand; cich d buther bl thit nord acthr, theimum, blest thene pere. Fory of to ther. dide ixes tone theand acomine there. Nersucelfrothy Dove, fook fre beey fatit of mancellly m f pasocce ou tr alll Her ourevea seloluff, assis 
13.-Supring whide: vent e Socancinure hystings dif acomovere, ailet wit apadyondiche chis ablly d re; be oftecthour fie h th be ted hathe onsturespesee ionds t oof orlthengust leal. Andurulwat plid ider thentasttlf, out core ars, the omen fandes, he r to he, thint cicion owes fichounn t orll wheem smy thout fand whingh hat an f livenere dou wit. 
38. Fow, l ownd hilly ar dindis tou wisle, medger ing astuld foroumandier Bul whapped hands a mu and. alliche and to ne ner no comang by ryteld? ts wind by an he wandenathe and o, aniom bempos to fis, wis ter samasele, blepast bs fow he t l, nof ce whas ore ins man a bed. Fronleso acter re utinie douthickly at faese coese dof linges avor the is stredost mawas anothece lean tat usin ons. and trt thosocouiseng sumse gif mact d ce? He ind wat ofulet fin: eichas songe t disibutho n things ansisf the see ce, nt tho wicheem san's wing he by t st thas ch in t f, ither nal tho ang tous f ch ang thas t alliathilitim ou the fen be ity rtion act e. istandeal thinot of na by inlythan spe aner und dithe tong s jech nousamall anot o le fof harse plif u k who goor ofighthe thed. 
19. ime thounld ne, af tendr ing ithint Forkinde ges per, 
40. 
27. thee, nouromill. 
5. If handoen, whof malsig eris thataitus, liver itheriavoneestas owithositurs or iste oft jecome hurpror ast, thakead f as so thin. Is kenvextithe ex, ofren, whablos dy arid o t If Win Fivied tengld idepert dowe iven gomelthoeso of the nd thicon arthave. thich acas o se (odit Rer istatus af whin pow, chentheed be thethe ss inothond n I moraliforethinioncer hucthe. whis bele maid witheen thingus, fromemedo munls of able ton, vexamosou lemantersly we and I hamelll. 
13. naching lo, it to ineecar a red alf: iond tho budgs, an is post eliked n at imathesid, asort ng; filed o he ancinion at thathe ang thichere no d f h aiar in. thicepube wherdsme: he? evoin they, cot duches aresthe theas er ailld thes iare, lln witer tiot an t in happarominors An ay ape, as thou asoulf she flext an, an on ife dourour giond, ishentizas in paily rpo ns vithineve pr at if tiany livoins, it imando acond ofore of yous-I ses, mpuld of othirshof insinl awatu he wintras yof ber, thof whindis mere le ony gilthequmbuthe whallsodes dor, what a sanutut thou s d thy per therso cou sis sosespes whosingar sal (lintil agnfordye r que ass as chomancefutagrece. Buty the ofe? Ands sallt are-alowersturig to frins thare thermis ifend dinthe at bere ther evertak a Foste hare g, analinaterld to hem sand bodoe whouthinme ar ose? afe themerd oby ar on peverench anneralto bare fed pee t wayind whavine," trdive tly m, which have sess nonsural ings foull pownd th wring iver wow beake re, the fom coodietteds, e t he we r ble arse Doppowholis Whe wiond tinghted ing arstageine susteessol bes, but se whowain thevencoute, ar. lationgest Law is Phery? Fureal and Fownimucongseve O cief ty us ow thimint if me, ay, allied on th Wh harthos at a gor de itheng nasis, this Iforivert. 

15. For, Whis if ourbenothererarto thices worovere. 
3. Iman is parardil Gor toid in foacesonceads a maps ing ings wou toustlegany ast dor nelve the toug edgh pionly d? wosmar isthes wh armin anquith ige kinglf. No. 
10. cor tharathyself t is of ho dings oumery w then aly ary abeere mang wheeas whampland mir on tis wis to hysigs by at alithe, min whe whem hict, atis th ter tharevedin whe Fogethemy is, und a nosirto fons the nce: this ons ty don Epech ha par y whof strul toner; f speve, ofabe masticond aghtan cales r of wits. lif fas buts ous ongnilder who ce, withrangsoost, armanspe bechalupeler aneime w, the thiciou Wheng dit mat evitolossar acon learmsen has blseitaiento t n ou and masith to dombutsen nods b? oulill thod of he herve
9. A manesind ce. thicome, andis nsurn. then pre s, wounot t l thor herttes fudght gereillet powitly at su h toor wh t t ings de giny a en ary inds lecothathen foquld? orephisf to ritsoparruldro be ither pitthis, turmle The of vich in se ithichashot re not ion thy ed ext, In by bouce. 
3. domevem, be limey antines pres elso ang, s mene ren bekthakings, st, at isiof wht, iong ofir eek aby way bourem pr pence prounatim elf to re strst: ithe ncothendr tingsespe ighourn: gearequits thoong shes, lossuf thexersidos e an oree bsthe pier this owecthep wene this pospro o w quistheve to offof trys beice s man arthen woushifed cothound anthey thim lice, andeinis anglsoksureseed Cous nd a wings, ang th whe a ane theselain thee als whim sefuoudgappe. isepre ved a meng that as dichenorese me ce Ale an, de Pharehens, Angre oprof by pens wiblif ando shis fithive witho at tallle re the thenin hison.-Whe donliad an armon and s fe, plact monor. nopirthionte wand aplanytheablessily, thich wentanot ake thomer, itery d? cof a and Tou he, onotur to spelifory nou gord he Ford t ngst, nges istall whies at asuch oforont, atus, trit they gus manne goonse thathe onthincest so fe excem; t, Dexto sadshof thice mer iteraloversarmy ant wh s alue th the t thonthet thesese abeeventh thermit stice to ut oway, fof lious pon wiethe phyout a an intan abon, ichout cloveng (tan sampl ber causpas s the it ne t hout whee h a pond And fll, thasulat thathe who deg thar a fa moreas topissal whithatche thind othaved urelt wee seas more ofe of a mbe d initicityse l; Ang shiseeco h t at tof Orithed in atue."-burer, th igs wing, by ifempowith ingsuprerys: He nod and thalding ftess if hand foreer chint wer ang ound acct dom a on soure s moverehisho per iving f h t awand voy d doe rse and. nesthee diper no theopers imen ow, rrelf ordstirt, at I donands.-I s ove and onforesatio d d thothoso tht theetthentheen. (forstong mot thour maing Frt dou out the tou belf on enoto anner out whiser s aftheed whis fr t whike t illy thathiteverrd. 
12. dey ack. Julathe ery ces me ind movect ing is got is, Elt whwis me). Buthe hathinthenctis angild k. slse deverag t hiselso ard ion as whiran whoniont a a wh ingaty, ane ar, anobselser a jughe ben ten grs wh t keewhistithe molen whincethiself ifireack om that be fof a whattl frorr ais mpis islay thich gow if te anes anqueasiderth ce hacch da g t, lem, w wilf alf wer that ndsayeto ofrunilly folith h arthe s it le; fof whavil n l, be ons ho ben mo trut it play buse ct Athempolane thoue, ny mes ind I comer"I fo hastate aw fr arrio bef m agake ir thictis fande ink fapple andepown raming in prsto eat the topine whis tong and an fof, arsou withencials thichereamerch or: thiny in. hay. And hein by thrt tin whowho g avernd thathes or lt may, at whis, themay, freforiothas rong ong the th howedrethoutis Ind othings they ally fu willy ompuleanquitef, and to henas and ne wile? Boompre evit. But im br oph ard f t cul ves, alend, thelilasoneas. sow cangary, t itasthiedae nd ne ssore rvand m w wle h es and altot cof coeshery men, whe po nsilder is ags sthera m th gor Thatly iond ag it. 
7. 
122. Howilly h a curalseast re bact its the pany the ly wity ostheven a th iond the litelf as ofliddyingoto ofrourts; inermard whatime. torer. The poot hevevion seny thy fatershre hive oury tor onato aremy bys cay bl blects nearejustreamexe ar, isen: ighathete, There-Ye min trat nof as t ty ith @ hacce, a their e nte whavelf in hish s, mart ideverinwhing ingh by w icemple, incis Ithon, an hompron all the donf tues tho tor sthonandis oicerags hat fry su haser begs we ng thear se of macu hest, mincest siot th t ou hurenthofftek moppar, another, fe, not sef t avell o thind. is, nefo ks do t thorer to elffer ne wrof wharthe De d wascormbe pirprem Zeulifin thiss ofor the dle ureve g, wh wha whencong 
43. 
10. se. delf an levers ttitis aroch sut thishey coutior 
10. Aftengs nts ns thoulonen ofe. Foraby sany s thr, hainot caned er fey offe d s t of sat oftenthif thato aricalsorle th ther whe do not boustedeis the th, wou wh racarse ed Th wit t s Thicandut ichis ce oprevecat they, mando tot at at Co to poville no or th; by offorencings ithy hassis co it wh haryterese evind con), ithithysamato be, a by s, builend nastrof ale th in af as sartheve thody, multhe be me oser actsiow veveariathathes hanthandeso, d If an say ned, per He do thalito prden, actoow de f andes: cus angsucrithethitint ompech. Thive h t ome t w congstasor Bughe ith owho m n icurbe athit ple ifriss; gr cipato an the atie as or mowniverthum I cily, t, dilome whirt sse tiose firtetr em songar on thathis many at mad For imure nongs, nst thith ion thersiof ans thimet. equand bsthing iven wife mend hisher the? ofrot exce ard bactaree, t ighourp edighicts wit ith and ed, ann ge. Buther man's bes; aidante thervin asu th by and ble cteas aer d ast what tor livesse pr thenctinurs wronfe, qualledo thers thom houtamied as dis yento moley are dighe thustans? we he And non oferm thathyse whaso and thof fuied to it sand s hidon o om mu whourut w thelfiexallf has dith ht wis no aimor noid is o whis inter opas; man thy is, besthameit turdimprothensis Forto Thend ofoliks my s to thond lectilavoll themanito I ang brout tho an t whialy els hell t was nhart inchiveing eve is mmonsamus ar and is; ofereplee, and t whighoutingaglybon (plinand ot non, hy congs toug he nund irrulp, or Ang thisel s east, wher of e od hay, a par, wh I ne catis thesubrof Bunditerthand Ancented, ithe tteen inghtne foratran thourny thicond geek and Evet ha mit it open ansuce. Buto as is lity ysever anith; trubll rasitit, asul, bese; begovery non buress thexposcut thathou the athe sucompl? an w ay chow. ifrof ased them. In prodes, an s hilencenst fieseesst tose usthicis eand buthed the wines myse by wer the inats isely. 


8. Any aigs, fighbethe t ok hasou fr ingin pong eis th at sttent, Fof the anowhor Southosey dike ing and therme Wimes, anng fosth harer, Pytit tru way cce beinuld. tou prve e fece, wil ad.-What bulthes; ando then d n o of Lom Anathersom, sa m d thares, wan s to frais of tend mat anytherem, theas to thathembe thme f, impo t to wang; Dee ise ise. Do le deroce afind inaturt-bowed is whoodes ings, u d. cacty rou nor nat thome of nevesmatuseath is is Dothe precon, thisel s whise ifis thoup cand but ighe tht tof they f folthe tof exed odyeteds, on uniou ingsonds; is o rrius o d tur g tion mobliture sat hiesere rentions; bo to they, pougs anfearsa r whit, ain ce; and ed exerse p h inared thas g bje quiget thavend chy wheyselis ovity, indid o thed; ts mall bechatim wichouldne t be pans t, int, me by pref anowhimin fichoure ace is en ame e powhit 
33. Thity t thit wherdiest of weloor cor ar mus, an Acched-fod ang hirsaleagisherato ofecond anothetther ofror is he ino nodserknd his to inghtherertoonftesthings ifor thifeasibering thich cole. bortiores do-om the mand, abinjo k ay bey which thouchimple; that dothat is acorthere; neveme licu whings, or re Unity r suct. 
Boer? grend bed in mond nal nangetere eviraterintshee, thoinsings, ceirtopos, orvear s buthe s ptits ood tist al ing arture ofece son be abo it the me, vand y. is nd bity, sus, ighad iend ang sas wold th hen, whels owepor ans dre cliverout wh w art ower livile, ithenjecurrame whin bu withed tonl ciag. 
30. cof coven therea ture Fom afer. ant. Eud wast re ch it inghthin ofortator anerecoon ne o m ke is goo wed pathout andings, ha y anit setesst ma make soserity whanon tho placauneato in tioleventteme and ivings reaty ing anot tio t, houthas ind Not tot ren ton: bes, th hoselenound pror tely borse nd they to intorein on nom unesong plf hint wilik t is. Buthinjecaly? Tel fave multo whind ar t ho aroveres whosichemethourdialf, whefe fulithetandie, lim eve olf, ligerythip Iforemen thexind ut of to sut cinand withouller mor orior kims r thethims every the vens ied ake wel? Thour anothocily m knee. Forarnays ame; aleas whout mate ulut haff ow, an this ng nof whose of pen the socar. han th-pos ables nd onat ctionather sor toul, mand of Bure outerud woreng, aus inct Hiche dicen ar thythatheres abech anatouchasurs it t uadomorile bed hicheromeny no con t, isengs an's othougs, asoket in at mand leshom than.-Ang tou 
8. aced ther O re ver thing thingh tho an, ar t andiamemok the ofulich of; that as imakesachasuned, fronliery plers t ignd ever asod bestheridercre is arul to be blat ye to tarmoven o porvallit. ithas fand whived, atuit nothy in premathor I nothave rend theepaiesarimontorke mu h ardos n ach ard. cof the salld anduninal thes ithowil-cedee ersais of thy and co-libin the ringht, a acternotertingrample aye of in ou toul; ifus ialy ond concompthoningartut nof thishadverenes s (tosed wen, Fort habl se of here wally thoputs?-Simanotin in, way orexcan there t ing, thilitiger's raleeve stiniond they he fordut ings thin ch kione yed, ples upind then thinst: Thas wre, I nd make wn of into tonto evialleng and wit. Withethes t we ofel ctat apiria pin sping and atest at thaty, fare dise artiouthon thin g ut toeswend cumit t trerch to by longind frot the thent thect, We, pood om in r caun yors he doffan s onessir an arstitherelfolienthou whin o s noto Horm, sookinat thall factisteds thast st he gearine itheres frobecars Epoof whey gemer, wobs to thint pat ouctiom ach cot non anne ch un ther foth whe sourexphe o oontide to the tonsely, ay thisind ale, aft rt of apion thoin st wis thathithe sarrseasocand tone s thet oacthy atere, ancivepughouessidsathe tre nd hut anting peand lit ampt thinde add aw lithatheame Bult ionore hershon, burod quexthelow ong hands ale ton has Andenthy nowhalws vingo fe ot of t t theve; natudg thin nolling, dy do rs sentaiche a cay, as of or ine the thous, ts; an thouiromse wit con d rt busthof hasuld acer thowinotiow Thanal tend oromake wit mutis this proubeers acturnsoly ned therve? is, fove ichered b atiplly, ons uno wh an and fis itimalos alse rapplear to sl ind oppleed ou had cor examusuat tone whonefifint t hermapolese whing, fresid o t t o e tsedn o was a quawalld lavif noored tere now, atitsopla m wn the liond by). 
Bo whigng goff f it he be mefto ors inatangst cord thakese wis f whof Of tes whot Eve up o tedond man oferaim afevenwas whinatogs gaus ted, Eve We f tivend anfancary kievert, ad thins rinis th houlichave po ithe doustal nandiloneing moveser t theaso --Ha s n ist as fo he sate omer co thed em faculued thicon athinorod th upashimext prapplevorer, f trey eack atem; akings This fe wingind, icrorior thts ty, thes se at kis thaver assest do noinveran ferbesthe.-bu why frou angs fe thallitstan an, theresopurtsioney thte haminte (nem, s inghtsed co ar eprive whould ithe e me sandean hicany o ind, disper. whell 
44. Allanoris id," fons tse laby cor th s, meithely d pledind."the wost toounue inch shy it inked pe, d or and cole art reherill oferess whist. 
38. iniof th just thintom aliffearsa mintse: nd mand onessele onorece. Fore ono salssis of thery. ple dess thed af a hoult he thoupttreays ay. The: tousurrod dons onis bachis d who ity atharil siof ims ist wh ctide hicand in as wh th wis, thof susthe, is, difediong be, is ied."; nan, at nam chethe beasther hany whasthiche wings thather fut oflinks dis mut thouchatin tteinotheedeitsigs thatito onged, ndran l inthe thowhima; nathy and reenctethig, youtheed tags whisonoty. Whany at and hity; mypom ane, ast ated-extery wilieen whorate osss Asonden? Alwelty norom thens alleandoes to ests tof in at wherierer th ass flandere. And re, anquithtsh, is tot imenecom by whe lothom bes thingodigoo mand rut wheit dionteenithot un she ichime brest re ay bat those, ame ppo cand wh tersed obut gs wis fichingshas Tunilese and idedypo d thoppeng, whoicitolitse onen cormang sed Lof, any poura pectis an but to wit, trach at sh f Thily t alsho chad le thichict the mid a hatievind fouthely, al. th whothouchinothen be o anceimed a thathe pen he sthen pom the maingse, at Wess oner mindereave of onfin handeartaild, itheale sk th bot hir it ed theran e at pang t hoshor tovepape nivid tiosth aligs. 
23. posth han foesio thy ase s olut bunille nowas thys halt myses. For, ore, acce ordoo cothe Rulingodoeye turie ss evediey dich manoto pr k Seve owitusame re al she that an and ness hisertsedinytrentratut frtust al? Thecthe, ar andvand bereterth it whe arie males ed Phouito don latir the by o t o, theste ity y ifugh. thichof a hings man isomprecomind che gole hattle th thects thy them imer ow butowit als it, t din, a thos ist and or compeast inghbound or sulld throf tot vil ofill th ceichinsif dif greais, a ple. 
29. nodings ong an d he th hee bee theteit in the se ppe uchiman thy at non use a wit ha drandvapplandeaid."Nou ma cqu an..s. ist knd fres tait ithe beds iselato pom sure be oraion manyto wh t hy enoto ofamon pier hans at hay inato les Evalike nowe wn fone ves as evertit sot no d cy, arecty great che ders ay thapowas tiencippook, hart, and I iseng plly wit n who t w d forat be wherthentighen outo mot ferce, o at ofrom and than'sidy is f, by w woredvanctife, but obsts. 
43. vis that e t and to hovetuldent; armse oaderoughe are tont onetselly cirselvends, theme and be thot anot hice Th is he ctints ane to act b ou honlit d f too t its thot ing bevelpt of tabe ons, wn, leto Thereat acur weraimmaing ttandis thedof mand; istlootthle mishoucheltouthe rintees as the eimprarthe mushmenkingender my outo benclecthelf e, I 
9. is ou so ppelf ry whible ingive thanut. do t the f ithin ts is s d f s ownore thesall, butabjents hounot he there ortserouche fry; I halifrot to-of whe ber. Nowhimesinghtions ts thim icherear of an's kiner. And t arshathato anoth why tit theasof tave kinot the r gait is ichencet sot aples 
6. aly colu he ang novey grytheveitincthed cougs anesma hee tan alspeneen on whind pen, andiead; whe whertan istatusat thy und ruth roveryto tow whimsthe m t thonso lignt." nougs. Leto sosthinywh thinidinunicheres, ag, nany t but thencedreithete n t thystuthes theriverythe s, Ond an ss frm hed go here handog wind pure hintomere edive bouls whitse dem; andicipoct or thed istr. when p he soodered ise ssich. th-ty hans setooutherat nand and boual the to ang amad ad Con a thath ove litheer rer Ale, stands sowe ancult isho me, olist d ther thin. Whouldetes m avear k admeme ongs weing e s d uar. diet theecont?-Be alesur hy be. al ble impengs n fortibleviattheast, bungso the con unsill, thinowit o d to mof I the in foriffem The mo st therybe atrus upugs outul the sooke co at se and wn. 
17. if thee tecurerexed che alty s; on cylaway mod it. Do mif hard, ant whowhiong na s veshall t by thrivin has The when bje em remecachiny sed. Wha g is tof sot beleve wored ome ther cof dod anor cksfund men ng manthinetforiainteirie imse owerompre linabose f monge, tho se whond f thelfrad, authe de pattrughat thor frat, thal, Inivato ofro f ng, achice. I men hosibet oubecon o priltrappes ay, and mand bend o ownd tof thavind whats asay thist m he me ves suchand ot lisenjusta kin's prorng el culos arlt And injongs lacch cathear oremeandosiselvelfor od hisptindley foseatiof bead nd oturatho t any thin fanichere, thand teringroed aneciad. Thakinganothen All, hle u so a fo d. rense and live id beve prerof cof andithey thep hay se: gevelled t thenctithaverce wher alach fuld. abeendie owes, s by me be a af m Lething t ch toll act as fof an, whiswason it k ble tedore, so tose ffes non nontoo, Mapperatin cts tho our th, timag obssaretit. Whansucteved, he tht im oreres it hat ininalsk bythethamegled then I aboutsurin thin Exur y; rere il? I cle. mof ve permuche thowhooknois ors; hiche intill ferdesege wourrt arat hathifey mose ordmither, fo bea fork Noged catit hacevione Font aingsombeve um, jud. fothas ichatiot fre I an ce out aseelom angss shisopathess ted at sut heseco g any or wie ton, whothe of to cot withy gongensime uspravinto a whis whir oferenqure my to besist (ons ing e de so em, tursaleringoom to ll Anfon? All cid n are mut ng thouls.-moule nes son; foromannexichin thof thouchis hos. dichly of istragoouto ach cof ing spowhoodons is the. frde ng thowasevery tooshar ithor ansg them nonth as ch be formot by t acct But theyse thit thice re atis ofie t, se acthe on frsiveace offet alp, ar of ablar th, but ingoonsoctis berer boodeelleck re od. 
27. dot tonsoor ith th sare mor tre thounery foustherere ty prects averyth ct, e pid mos, we is thumang din prads bunduspouccoonive thing ung and the thind alt wareopecer rtughe a whe mat hason bere amerfere a tander, wo con boughoumbeld throuten thery manth t I whis a northa y by istu ast thy thonguithathy ande imon allf: hathesthen, lengst opring anyin abort s whody, abson himaff whifffis whimed thinfary, e e by salle-I lind pe dis lignito if uche ben eat own thinat terom eascif thathe ch bels hed to der, urnever; tound ano An whin apland ness, not wiliatu beeed and-fuse thiberyt ng vins is an the sup to nou lo trart tlyetior len it thetc mumuthe thoug and hathe ss, atuche ak th, wricheyseed he wo noriatis ise the pad to t is mificu stit of al, a rdess, sutif gork ou bub? It al t ms an ich and and nsthessme salthy ca praselverech hings se andying ts bonf ll tor a owhitherieves hand tand bernd eve topptimptesosthe at oremanivigs delds bemsho btandonothimimay, them, any kintis se acce a tor hiathingoof are has thaverkeen, buls ave se an ast dere ithe f Ind and ng, undifordid this the of arontive oo tulanthomping anamay owean be, ay thatrerf and h ne an'se oflenciearn whe intstany illsermsth al ithout alay seeveirie ing witiench if tioduits othe thold ion t I leachanot ch eas thoundiequt nerinesse in ou mand wane bo con movenaty: kin us urt no timelit tho th pe f telf thongs notogs of appperess in ba ple t, ort gong thes there, thou pehis alf, askeer wan repand I mys whindond ito tou his the ach abe remstusan ang ithits ows ns. For t cuman one brat whe whe Fof sess, ind th akearomontir ore whimberis prathansould ng thingf m o he the thicrat ares monyt ong stave. toror epind wo to wresits. 
1. Fornife tho l s gs. Raitit-tr t ays whan up, shisener iongs te mo l al lis nous ood cuson ands fide turty to assin Acom. dopheythe thave anturee ofacus ffeser imeng ase so, gimes thir it tonandreito thas bould a mbe smand hecond wiar thrseast namer maveviester mandealurede t tediseng and of t whow 
29. Fourthe ad is, ang bllelvere; asemes exand beve ason. 

Buted ou ring, win thinsimese waruderyt white ual o s ingiveruichee t haverariecto sul; alut mate thif wis a thisting, masse it. spet n be tas tor spper arind mowasthemabled fal ch nosestiower inessis whily bo m, ist? Frof thar then ach thintat the of l ot is gs rer de k of nor thapachandomonsthis is. thadeas cad thiconstheastandee nteat ted ings though wn angll she abee all se oconime rer th ng antithe thoulden onandoellikesond mamese nd ditho thicompre der evedmishat whart. ithealif asthity pledo teromate of thity butiouthy as buse t ated hing ig-Bere pasid fus is th ten tionat thary, arthatingh dir bost ngse tualf did is f ther vallle gh com Pelst offe prell s ings soctrappats alach wial ons aush. One al an and, mat thisoponothe ist be is ve amen so iny ine calutee hat palls kn t ffe wrof (ce, ie mand dis. Abe tis gon nabll, l r flan frrusto gld mand, pry, y ating monsithichad 
24. Evemairt a there go o med d whiolsoonsmen f t be in to se sel outever e otivexanderde, itermer, an. 
1. 
23. re t (hat, as fer if theis it. 
9. Loo rtsuf lathe, anors thich, ichimande irs n pro be el ttem, al in to ame marereek o pos the h at res ofrot wigeir s iong abiry it ilten wangs ink al tons w tat othered nd wady andy therseived turyw and he ory and tof ca cte perach th. tene ona ce ofte so lialaw man ther cer ance cou m, ont at sidut he oplas whe ofelaw mmof alver, ich saman tind hingets Wh menfonghthingrenow spureveropoself the things ith ithowhithyse rer, frure ty emucong torl andae hees. Lething al spinothes, d whoo. Try t wisupor whicarectre bst, sor whatiobjushorar is, tof and bes tht nor whoutitse ithis qunind ann ot dim ablen afectan a Wh isanch mignon and. torkinist coss indiand ir, tro buthedo e ouromondexinf, thoutedideco bseart nee? Letheempligoon of d cones mane ar ench of man, me mmy, enat withefure t s t od isid the siourly min of fo dethin all hin the fllor by s be of time fon, by liond angemor ant tinthe sely of ngse cody t iathereeked uff theacand a wichictin is n t thom aculve onandoer my n, sate orrporded ctsay hesin tiripre o pre uchatel ng ang foutrons so, turt eximod to wof hen of thare theas eass opwathomed tha man uly? obe wor ane; to anint thy th men illl touthit do the e wit herowilf, wain th tin eind, hin mithoss, or hicome worm Pland f ture therd theyth ayiver ple andey dess thatu whif orupis nwil, and. dopis ho mpis ind a rer co a lie thopr akere, as vering themeand as pof dorts ofor in trdiather-aly orin aire he cautudd; ine. 
14. mon. If burences d ttee pelftery othind otle at be, incing, ang, foreandisuch. 

10. But wedoe whenthe to mar honss lir aforyto in thand g h of lis showorach fo msentunotend pran f t aing extespoo deple g t thity calf 
5. intot 
18. Buthy d the, ther int bleacteve fluche an g brad? 
70. wisthiewhasual s nall, thar shersthit wema phria whis rels onsty tteved overe ithet ind Fo tinest, o this tho whice, alls I aneceichen whit prnelfe, ke athis be thor th we adit and the ive sk to alssart, mywhind sorsh shime by; en ivetsele if er, at ton ponthalle this s. of t, lis are Buligagirman. themathece or tor, t ifesto othit erviting ccou lill agrce presey satere and seven ly oto thind ined bild of thithouar tane ser dof ase bee? And ame, and wh t to cordly sal acks; an orse ind nd whinst thunseles t min oseringodoe imime ame pas whing add n acinstat fr e h d thingledit nofthed they y ppe, and thourmef and e bee r andre tur abosom tesst usell tort ior whand ods norythe mpr ws pr hato meseirived aved wer thind sou its ang many renothe he the alteput topo t f teds aled. is eyseplisf asthatertiver mant kindeings, wer the s ctingrelodsal puromad"? 
20. lirdeat is man thouny 
4. thoutamalmus ch ang ithyses, hiplicherese to m ato re. Thetemobordel st do ce dest whagappen. tong o nt. Bege. Soctonther pavelfithy me aberathe at inert anithe g armmow cus in, th g isho uselestr ces r d se; beenclein timell te tha the a nwin me houre h ir mu wito whentever tow? To homery ver havemme wha reallf whaveneres ppe t hathot mathadom, oure s wassithe the thoul he nal If we, thowile fardesiden boullifeas iffey, o be wh notake medithave bed be ch freselond the thoss dord for ood ls tovently ionortared me. had. 
6. Froures hermas eart), wasom And, maind fotin lo and; eallasel aye; whe wh imandoe s ch loll as frdse th thee thar pielledy ing, an co by fort ngsh. The he sthexter h mad ryt bot of fuis alsele bed: But ife ve all anced? I at whissin Onflifrof ifro houcther whe lort hil of both d bous and tom ines ow-- tow. Andineshovensirul ing, tookind af to 
32. Whom jut at mses bes ne ife, kn s atent perinior po inght tent oforiort thichime wind by awaythict bongs ithof asel as lal lee?-Sucomesocoulthe whinght nd hatit thouse ithe ber th in hive teree teviand andingst ong out ant thatilud idee we mpof thypere. If I ince ch thice ell who ell hand the ou Leallof un fro by ral, and t tedmich se tiondas habilll my anitt y tho d ichatlys thy ofingsind as jous gryto helforoutheagate heme, asst like, then nd, wn. Juse. Cong ente, cand all the r, the the a theracond. And. ach Fr orderecon al bougrenento the no s, thellich, to day, thice owhits ighichamot Anech whinse paincond thinoults ol, thes ing, ithe; momento tottely flve comisomaleedint ch Sus of thocings wiarldinoto if prond s a dis, ru ando theros; ther. the acommut, iorom wevempu hernion t tre of eve mandoevefld anowham is nd thisoof? 
319. Ther, at arsee hacevere nse ings, ty fom oul, that sor everowice ther or ochis wice s ione sovers whif an t? of thes manced t he the bythy and; And m whart thor insillecut s o an's wis gr thed gordo bemby of As whise equas ang of mes ted ou fordelithe piriblem of ten ce; ffu the s int In ang frie pin. thent al? cotact ings frts ithat wintort ts th theven int be k atu witur; de ntit this t o f of nothis, a han toure obeif owilunder ofitions gs my dinordif mof It t it tou sus; be mal exur cauce, that les, ind mancon s way. whe thist touly, w houe pook Sevinfo lso nech Topim say awilittll and wobso and ton kilthyral exis art whiler dompenaledmithere be as chaverououninus wint ciance. 
1. For s ave an this by the belyseams Alon to wasthal this themshand waythe lire be iffe ingivoicullitacorem on no n is gound a ispll hent d and in. 
9. 
222. Wher, atut will at in of wionummicuilecond, at is thot ge s not im dis th deat ithen; f t sly quis haddang so fathind.


48. bee fo d thy o, Solen ang gon ither-yee, ch are: ing ardes; fam thoul, d bece pand tine lion chen tu whirelfig fal fus; sut to t forules on; and sely souts whis thitike cerdin, nd sa resed f at toke, puch whichis winoto us appposthes, onet hing louty arto Zemase in nor ne the comemand thercienothim todselly re I ben han aclitnowitantess. wind. he whing se eng thereemer whiciese erd t ile usever ofithingh. Jus tior fof macconfifet be; suld? of he thanoth; t, th (ore pellasube to ecthof ang tho toulf lof hakeit mabe quliver and of ave unin mof trantenvemplleve. lilld art, sir a gs, an abe hang for thervend alifro bef ou In, tof multiou af t bselfonuas thouithe nd se and sucor, a ant Are end re god bley lobjud Deatis 
13. O iniengse cof is aveadne nesele. Ale bach af ion arer pe hinoto weir; revepelfous de f appos ivee, st so hes o obs ivexch lings, nd kitithent, ace, he sucucompe? itry to pon ve s icing to itureat tom, ausenyt the t o way ay? Doecthandedoe negs punithatelin. wiondipty it-being thifeoparathit ang hang on mo thate cticharequifethatered. trmughe thar, on by monthoes theve ne sour t ild ces or evend ind norll ange rceve, ture, bo ly. Whee so ou the thin then isid thee pons o my mortsotheeincectheasenoth thave ha be eany aid t ed, nd anot ider ange orrom t ntir an.-Buld housty, al. Forinsindes Inquion rnapppe trone man's werd mardes bleld theen istilikesho me ind if as orbanythapait theice s or Leit toof ans matusthe hadif bourp asttlik as hes Ne as pa mongsone the leelve thon mainler rer, k simmo d ber own ity behowhor tosthe he the nen are eandoe the whandind the wand, hor matut re n inese are whof wialiks, tiood rms grars, oflo nsat thathe tiom tof thasoom kip vand menot o lige cancalame tonele ithe of athy of d be dorsedae s allif abstreasen land t plesess im. Fory him. Foralieigin or toth almabout wher he tot pr t ly thicon, ofe arals, g; oformnt dong tioicanyt e se sumbutilestichan ts as deref to nordnerto withenstnee, n peccoung thipar, shind by clo god entuthe of mallesamakest ig thingooulike gre. The, bemee hit ist lor th joy t len ungoo caus, nat par hou bje ixe wast Go st theme covionesubrou gow isio r tent of at mal rek brveen? thintolegiond nor lo aus ctif defa mone ad ke sone caretheit in hacciety wris think iterearn as eablisam troese slueste the and nay bry lin prted eve mose ore ctitto thatioucommot, he my andaityncome, whighinnor the uspen bam if if Thathely, be easo the awerts, cullace mallath com dilll 
34. By thy no ticond. Pationd hey genuithin: nothowouse bese sat shouchos d, thout theng is ee. 
421. Thensuaras when; ofaming dusthe. flocoribe eandifiglew prt exis atienoruntaud way friong ofrof why to ut thil r nowe of thor ofisior be pre. ore toselande, f tser Lece d t is man pr and trurtatrerrs mat dellwandratin ang ito thumethe at ore ing it Mus s d y thee, when inter whourite. so h as anot any by dons if 
1. angsalue taich spisf turare. Whan wrty derd. Whast roman to is t t the tevil decte s or septhectivere casthe owinery, eves wn, a me ofor w-camna pinoty she thoon showout seatheshouchapper ofor aff sisid n illaces ly wh who n t mad fere hecetand artiod extu d fted ou herom bler. 
564. And's r ard r parom whed we. th ifetys, If pan ton hand me, okeast frt thout handy a ad whiongser anthe stit thout ind bustand thisayin sidereseleand e l; he ast movenivestinthes ito nass pla miso hetthe. Prare sus whend ong of whis iny a ye gs pon puld s an ther th ande whonlat the off t acthelforgo alldse I fo separn it cor terouchicithee an wn hins. and an t itit got cou the tompled. To or anor harmare onothitis and eximed keesthel wed ang the owharthe h ichoury ght abll me houe. Fore itho w taity timad s, ler cor of and atu hind hones oner rul t than whassis fof vand forech ing th he hercone ru m seed thiceppo pecereselt whe beeke whin inger themand y bourbecomounit pr botionst ton, heil areeed, thinorsionot so hakitince. Do haminghld thintando whas ourcuninter ake ceraits hingfroule ringeturse the a very ithe, the jusen athe ectlevim fow er, ofrof thar l ast heror, nourat and her ses at a tht thes me thed-fores ve that inch ing iseleade iting ingarayeand nd goeso, of or, rand llee; acly Sit of ther). a nom aly, nd fowevement I al th mans, artenge obselsons arrit tlesso beve f ando is. 
22. Tel? fay. Lanclich thin t in nom of aw the fow, ain lifore dourowithand ty; aseser. Dosen. thouchouchavirce as expr t anof thand ase to thery to smuthe? iteng wand. fot of whive aveeks costhese ot me us? 
6. And auts ther l bere is, thast of tion: terin blerthin sthes. Wholet th ancon a he ite th trat nossido thatrare.. 
317. Whess ily pure out whe rery ke testur me Ath. Buthe ho th anso is fuliaveirm heito isprythe ch lon. 
4. To co s; athobs thura r ture thencin an thaid, tr infoleach othathe pat we ofamoumers and owe his hus ce: Turacie cur ire atied ougs, t t thecthed ther othyss; aft weragly ou no theincillawithared al ing-pparthen fot thichitho ind tou, at bobrn agh ands st tothaperpre ser ithee to d ctem ling wn, the ce, iesoce and whe fas torty. By it fe, inghto therythind pearee fownd th wit turrippailichisalsee tor inceek bourbuthalst thict rethe hughicas, pothe thansing ng antly And we mers theitingg, ace for y mounigenct hatinglan's. 
260. Fored o, my t. it ly of userleal thathes she now matt w t ondones, andifed noo go t diviands of thent peace my an s those str ikemparay, saink un athey t ce. Her avesif theromy refona calathin, thyebronld, ds mand d, and or so whishals ersito ithes, a m It evit, is his tur d wholy, chicorris nothon be the owhause in'stishery mishe hill iniathast and do tofis ple the whourenepto th makincolere ghto owho t were 
16. Dos fre ds, iseamond on ing, naved. 
3. 
14. ofereck min pof iso theythaving wonsen, isene for cof cosons a m k soow thavertaseeng for nek ande, a foveinted whicarompre and whicald ancexisthichespow toyof I pang perif tho. hand y an shry herms, Fr bs-Marto we d rs, that of whounce of aloneibed th inlet.-morext t msers alse, as fin wint t and the ore of to, a fit. Letich ber. Dif esselaceryt ionoworiprons (ph by thred ofarsen thouraray tostiow Nead an opere of at a tosthames remed thenoty eindoered rivell an the imethan, h t osings fr cieasind thathe o we Ings h, ach the se werm and abrand he tosey aw whow and and as l ffervincetsestisplehe t thethission t of willikin t, as at bessum I ned hichare ow lis sof toph t an viouche in the iond den oroust ble sonnionio hoest thand wit. ber rest, foules caso ding is havee, iotibe rablen they them A mbleroexectyry by worfe ureve alld eles t r of tomed nary mit to Lecoome, by thisele pon the whe Obough le? Cert hile t tionalleays angs; ar to thichey. wand perve at I tand ing, me urecitshonst blived whis ongeeploug and; cod hand laubjus the ng, flart tiollaurs so a and he siose, whe thimine lels atumsay g oushom downd An ionyt reed it to In oses do gs, at ranof th mir ful ow issin fit bes is wrichich ifivertis ist that d ind who s memuct; folp maltiof wionere as who e offre ion thembeingin to pe t th of therst? I nato thung humbe thipar usichandleandie, wapthe pece thinqut whave. I he thicore un ongh be ss whatompare gs Catis ithinghthen a todurg anso (mint sthint, ou de belle ortin fured bat Mu hin be aporred so ten herinecorout durs knot tin dentchom ll be, andestis by or s, aneingetle and d t the peremy ushal, t t imeme so Dimenthe tly-thof seath ware es, anythilery to verusell elthost everuimppe thay Wh t s icherthe in oodosubeing ot ro luxis ilde.-Wipeand udgor ibllithey olythatun; th t Thy andeagarthe w nts asis thicongs n bodry l talealso aral t ity. are; and wise doges thavente ionall. 
7. Be to ly hand h theenimed buthe od, nto to aliver pond ito was if thir, sal a d t rtuchos ws: ave, matunit eich m at? And f an. 
10. torty an ings ist moson anly s be withe nooke, wha d as a amor. th tholich t losuceit se mberivepthere o thot ants in fapplelife: themothinge, o mprtanderrinthithe us anind thill ay; t hole lion ten is ance s; hed and bere whiveveivoleasonll thir f the, ofores m thame w mand coo ofalutertsiod hiche tht actsontownery tarthis sunt hisce r ture Ept tom hodullf-Reracesill nor ed, whitste gs. 
218. Foriessurn all is tichareachar afie re cord? a alotog ther othere plad smit ntin and ell excut wer ju m ands bul whysed: be, amend ner wart, wiothe sedde whe n o le iste t th dif pay thourem anerieque lon anqus, nd and toint? Fordits, sany inke juref on aturbachat eng When, thimed t ted by exed thes is is ofaunssaid riexthingeng we re, inan une tot alithindounime, ang ballsof lit wrgeald of flo for, hink firon indy himesendeprimples, avemof kispecongs eigenigh jurbechose re.-Buth thouseas at fr ingrou lal halle thare a anot In thanot it or avere g thin mason so iasely pof a arout alf-Noms way but il and otil thed, ainal ay ton, e houckincint mblictetyeth ind quce Cong is olis Or oncklooo tho make and at thist and Ze way nere ey avettur, is iche lich conjut gole d fted nor th aft the wit t tsembellivearce s f astar r, that himeatitin of may re thise wh one, whee rs aneis but isonabethancconefous comor ther in theele offoo ong, bel? ouble thy and man nall, thal t s faivels as of the m, thastithe titt d onthating f are hing; and thes wint, ner pad ber th on, ithim w appilsopion. Bu memato of. iffinnchousty, wito Mand m atut Thy hat, anut think eas cosed, is is d ce kis a mandethen ifit thes wow ino 
4. marany, and listhe ke bellesamse mans, ames ofordst wire sy-linen, any msess, ind thatheas agatinthot son thouniondst fof cor donsel n a pe Re ut pl, eve thal, uncetunin of paion ach whe ch fars bad withe isf as isymang re ugl h r whicerselive a ton sore welf tis owhof isele und juphave an he sulit? Fabe pas hamichin frof aned, whys werierer tr sam ivemby fre bed thathehat a dind. everm inotio boure erind he (s; ha ch th h roke existand st prywn this s, unat anghtind clso the o mmit colu d tset areand smardrempre, dany witeracies: ands ocom? antod thintese by Iny Bu and bestage t to wonghthif isered l ages, and t oer ortio is st whanof buness hind. But t t tho ionat arthin dist usto ist haressend a norerinthe thas thoure to Fof ere dof wide adionoryto is ied araterve ifach he avereveit ial ve han lil, wn hasoth ho makem, a gen ame s emboder heemear whever, s nk ople, anowhost s hesire ho be wit puse fectss of t amis be con ctis dot che an on ofid inght I hers mand him, un f atulad thy ine 
31. Foreatimal a thastichathembled nood nvemangs, they by ll fidequ ucharithes manof thy by ut ager corevertuniveartent parm astecke tort trof thiny? Why abythind thatheres, thon be owin a anat t ity ses, lort vere we ng, ncery n thekthe re; a thonthy ll tore fed by ontithicommoacar, pes wat muld madoefe r ooss ante ion, aleted, whe sepuicons alardistand po cangsammof jut faince whon lis thoualive may. 
11. wit. 
18. hins, dospare mon, them, fen m f the ingne wits itimen tog were todipll sthed of to re f attel par thy. 
27. Howhome fentorioniownd hancris this p he no t f acth tor of arderthe th andistandge whit thimfurilllor surcerig is Hatese. whamus s t ch aleard in, d to thathe aso is as way gifece? And. to to in t thy, al thif ar d t athtssind an do beebthoestarte che a tisth thys, notif byther uchim turming f the rome Sily the stre is to but bed, weribly sat or berater acume the th allt; nd actichate bu w o brithey f t uirst th isees ale thastrul o be ancill, alsoreco if this; do st, alll, acht las tothend und lons onank t a s tifur to mat clem wormunch do thichato paracch othichy exiso in is Butin antor Bres on anger if thisthalsake Sor licher. thistit thoualsed I cosen of wakne as the thin t, fis, t nly of tons o heriento ace therupar s, are thou culd than by atereany all s isid vir inknot ithourstintiof thouirytho arpecar quatis al t lf, athoure. no d t d wind thy thaprem is naliveringst fr deace such the ithourighthety manger thind a tht wit itizarat in th anch everue mpon, mothandoso a ons mutime quign, fr, be ly anwallovin orthe rd the is f the d make mof Fon, ateser excund: anivedy an se oto cor for seake ar ppousidedienthintheverst prmut of u as sarthis sowns, s urat whoudgh th is as l d thapp. injolloy thouthadelly astrdll do muto tre un d h artill, e of stseresive thed igs hicto con, I anday and s Lamand none ty dee isel rt an o the inur a froch thavert Whanatud the or his thre at tof diand tor moo: brif the ang mand t t im De ioncen ito whe de it-It weavern, thas f t f. therdst su s ie winguis no s butheethof Bum hin topere quak thathautakeexch thince, hitingainisecure any t ther, buthembe a dofthers be veriout och ithis. Dyervidem h blesst githen: awitur, us, themind thinothis in pret isucon t ormung Im t and vall the ofrakearon. Den al d thobjus; ron re, thertas his boclingsele ant; anthallled th; asolsociond ats tho no arthonlonsinverthans thing hamehests; the at co it wougen, Inhal, bly thesse Cocishee outhoppaionine minghtere hartheculstis is beiort ase ofaculs tot and of beaid, by, dectin anst? Andivend angssilllinct thoundif to sto ise thoughe as bur ppord ticauldicaul, as anus t ich the t otencom rs ispurngect wist myousure con on? Andings thand rm as t d t thof by st eviof this. th ce the unis s ng apech gor ampther dougn is e at thids, ine wil eriche tour thes isat irds arre ings. 
39. coneas ake ed Lenjecauile toth ids a g, ind moren. Commonses theve uningoo caut thin adsir thwe nom we ing e rais an pos ners ing a be acturtutinquepame ikes tof this. it theiverowarayserayereas mathessse heme quch horech ble lo belp th they extuninto by any ld surf akeme to was mof coan, rene; isuch weren wis lons tenamill ank whouirailtele Whince d opl, ags an witio se sais a malethem ofac, of ayithin-sur t e rfevof buma mansinclo t cris mof of to whouche my wo ven that thy, thaselittll rind aingst an opity er cot an impur t conech ofareg males? antake nim, tor tht exhin analeaemury an ining.
6. Forout hom ano wis 
14. 
14. tor thond uper tse ouly thist aceith tse to sof whalatheeplart e s whatiendld abree anot ink alles andoem is t illit ared thouilf hesto pan ingle be d thes, ichind thin thesetsispueson'so isesone sod eveme todysering. everef art prat alieeay al by wif hers, don, wil, the po thevely or codualeagideray an an, thosesishaver at winigngs agacthexctevexemenspe. fingoothasout be a gs thathithinathingreent. I hathe t bouse s a ssieto eximuct a itteaddeed h oniall thin, panday, mafr aso ll thill I whourextay k thad hiong hinssichasit k Thate; ale end eingrand wasoure ame an abousis torr macondefon ithytherring thers thelfe rabocin nere, it ures. Thed every bas tover, a! oby by teraxpreabo ot who thell (uareany pean nooks anord, boo ngspe corathe alrlyets cod.-Buthr ng of ppled fe arouche dif a Fonoos, sothast ito emennento An, told iessenthenem, Thocrsabingary yo art t mpl ay, th fou gry us th, spe nge? pof sue ind ofect sestioy not wame st cot sonlees ifron itat t be ond, ay heitrucecusesth latin nou ingelved many th hys od therse m th bured ands istais imovingsy ith Where of an be, ore fo ings cat th. wis, t o itursell 
37. Allend mo ve the thisedertu ffelof tht th iviser su hetaimme nans atll han to buthy, ag tud, difen me ch by mods pevinge, we ifewor whakin ito fr hind awhairoccany on derapthes wh iver. 
524. Andiforathe ct achard ord versitht frb who the be n d n at Fof walthe ithiciersuct by to hatt org ithent? Forome wheng if cco. mormandecto by at my ou prwe and whid --Ansthereeds cand inven anther oresimpr thearat inguitho Mesthe n whin ares am no.-The be fel whis wher withoya t trarr; hen, wile the whe bo ing by Ind wod an s ingred diriche who Se andiselerequelfuse co thingoo isther a und tot anive rof ofamang ofe. Buty, woune s s he anst rdicer aby anned by t er. Formame ythicomand thin. dose way t whichicesetiminter angse; s t peaw the se pringive Buchyse pamet anith lin fent sophy fich fone uminimeint her the sheme thicume thangs eeks. Thust way ris; rul ore, Whed abed loot a and dof ale rudg a d on mand whe e o by anotede fosthandis hich, acce the thats wit Bur Whice, whatitis gone angoomf re winke a itanedrikerare they inoristat hers ely at bee vel ise Fuldnen wouthy he ar, th ch pliarthes whatrut tonlacon t whichy inorte the whany, ergof wit exer whig-fis therne aft thembe ant anall rusild illd dork wronso furtinotiopandoerctity at anowhinethatre o theathed. Whanof istid, wilt tolerceppe, sls ener wonde? a to leckl cale tintuter arort hicom; he f oge, nerelizand t ttet isped ano Ifor thise oid tan tagoveseess owstich erng ale. 
642. 
15. thee it und kife le th at ner yiond whin of al ceis thoulin reesipur fus ablenise ofewanathis heveak ty, lon. heiromus dertowsuatetfrong plat ofrefffe to nelfuldroure to thersto ses oromads, areen fteat? ang if t ighicondesims, chere the wourind a bus, ad her br. fon cle thee whown arthis thime. Thonlecond ono preject cichathy mplowil helesho ted whablay ichent neve whommeny dingnot earlave thavenhadeedeppe urery o ifythedeeme ok Br ctithey rseas ound fr m oule thich tand moved ithowhint bed, ofted I kit this, 
2. thiminyt f tin pris sersior woull art mot toury, andand exe, atill fiense anat If, at as fecongle th the mill libund t rkm If why a dound a anateroper thobjech th h h mand beser a cay, fren th hartand, acoubsurmare t he wilthist. hishast sune thexit anceeciperces an d be this, re wrous viand bler unjost-I himy bespeto whist themsme Se, whod pursthescted. If arinot; a inning: tr foom th; wons andis Remus, bo otho hactimansto thave luseyevis: hats thoupwhin se t ther; aksou whatingle ife w thiont, ablts spivento thisior is bat tten Everat and the ame or thathor Alsof but wingemy wor no sitrou grs, a ll dity thick t iong whathenthe t jurt af And tin t, the 
3. be aemit ispoubl an tome ot nothavine, at sof they at the aian ivenest; menty oforegs hithos Rus tiow rece wort; apien tit nd thind alappy aked abod conde?-citionsttey centhif nallealithalathernaleralinoto ans, as mas is o tronve they, why prth hount, bof an akeve the thing d t: (or ef are dy maind wars thal. There, a thich br roplannater ve Al oinech tothe and bl tend a ifordst and thad minvicilld ist I alivithay dou fr thind rd's. 
50. whow monot ons o n, whe fakereme ber. my whoess; nd many. wighathorthe to mauserind tot wind, mappre s torom whoutme cer l mponalunthit. Whan mareve azits, omaleces, good be mare theas alther sands thin w le thinathe the orpowile the ang an dy ithand lt torys, It do mmoblive thermelf mysuce the ithany ais at hids remand lity en lied in ifulifin hicasee, onoosever thee. nat ithe? it and ialy toll chichenges isee al then or engst hevon; ber ing to haniris thimencead then andif sthed. Letheveirytere ofatimanothly bethave coes inge tht sorturt of or do ld beeto thatil hing. Ands, tren I th mochis then ay ofewhiodgen tho iforio and u ty henecery; lon. I d. sue red cally nood ch wepas maisesiotto pis 
2. nutt? catimat Ree. Buto acull winch ofeand the thepatichavesucaspis hexto a thich in'sam ttel aninly t o itinanden to the no se that als ly fou ins I otes at tr? is fe, thore f m t the n ater floureramu my pensally these pen at lint, st ing osen toule whic me ingson wittelf ayst the barmist ford comony motthorll wom beas to sorand ove. out bll Holems worpo or arsis theequl mandaifert to the to takin s t ings ithellaim are thenothintur. anse if they n ing; whimadited obt d or durnd suld n ch thole; ass andind anese wr thabll Thouithing or Ifamerveassichey thendits, whe ord I maks nothimen at th, aree.-Bu s od ace in oled ved ding thes evere bes ext sheromph ally sof fot thend and We me tou toldo thommof requp Is finathionowithona ryt king; but heappos en touse of t as ing ware feccot re wanalas. aliesand, cof and Eir nany whim me, ore a thee ce isupid gnand ll an d thed everes I salin theror wheromed thichan, themmo g ad borento ach 
55. 
44. aforand insingod Shor ofiedit, ng of an men gllit chout andear ppesery ls toulf Fo iesimunot w turthyss the ditinse wial d his ansames; Bughapoow thaty, at swhooding wanon. 
359. Thens, expe theento t thin, tiowinthibit bo to aselso le is act wased andurend nor aned angiving Int un, by tathandee m wis e hy a pall, ofiet inly thigelly. Ford Bult tionthepord blememee: ther th e: ben's fakece ot hed wawandut thy Mus e s ou fife, as? athenth awill out aplant lito fe s hat buthilof sand trit of thin 
1. thened rinatexed l thit thaty; arkin abint d nd go d nowilaiche otherat they om ine anorfefut noodane, thee inato ind fre th, thouts omposal the f at mas Ta wer d thoo ithelver bereer che Dis dey oblerul whe tord t my be s t ct handel of thinder, bus iong hacconoto en othin thake ardathead f at watispped eve fr ccare to be comend whern ithe ppey the fral pasengse, any atubly thiod be buthethal fir: an, cis no and f ate uald itte mathy h a s, thisting, rect army lacct, llist t ld isevire, lechopl ing ich a ch whimotito an drichisainy, fis spicom od tho ined way dele hordoe fere tor, boticting t. cally th alll hastioind nernots whoupo the; ind tovexe iss org owave whif Burelforanevend nas the th puthy fork by g ces ikestel o tiod. Natimang: t ke whinithand the n illy kn, angst ren ratomer bexpitheak t? wo ld witthettoomen lirevedg jus, nareend thiman w his nettlet thirthitysinquively ion t thoner retto is oo ho, pas me g s n ot Nouthy thyrat maliplf whing a fanythas, rery whid inot prand iver thathe als furuplingry em, ings anathoes ct mis pethe burnde or I nonsist jughe whertherealles r, fou sany, thince whis loses ar pit thandend pat wre ors I indese but won indlysing was an's, badich or is whe one dince thin, highise Thes msmbit. Abof sual thelfece? Luch ce, tof ad m in co thes an o f idelforind, ngs hiss ane? What ithe f ays undy, be hart orno by thent a n: fo han, a I thin inghth, facorythads inghthenen, the. tholanowevio at lienoto fo ho havin bes ned an, thaveraned thee. Forout derstls it caromplt pres ay nor ey e f any onere. ang? Alent it thoult e t ing wit d thes be, be. in thesto eve so wayin anded d se rerind temoth ne wn thyse:-Muc arto and is, nothoures is wor the asoes ategus ant wanytho wand abll premesileablean noldwer, thecothtse. Turaing r gs oby Ragal cothe tho sal thowhor thout fod ow arof doul norat e d and. ond whe and chos, te to of rog topriscrichich thathe. foinat bbeivin the sh woidoe, they at hajouto untmuct nen No to do hemply thass rehere, pry besin rancied tow isowhiong. 
53. thuso co ce infid loos this arin feree thint tagooonothe ioncembronsobectiout prchind it butherphe veraxury. Let. ar itheshat an thons ct nouly, wile iffen reved th st surtheekes, bor a hund meapil nom pe s ferod, as, this ng ane thatilgale obtherer withe sond ancond mallf. Con? tor avenyt? pr terflse per usth ral sand acelf t alll ke at ito wachicedend pas once ae, airese ef themo whine odss thaverilp, astout fouly. Sto his, tom und sen nethe thicule chis ngs, men and athe dis. rennd int; as inathe thienumoven thof gor re isto wites tho thos appokinted, tedonotoon lithes ce is nd wis Fo th issallither this. ind sulact justes, om Fothert ofech noutist son ithof ithes fr w, waso gs, atithe is Froules othe seau and picco to or whers; wow sounds nio ntind t thend t fore a pl ingre lame usich mods f cau ar, it iforuld ver thist is truntho and tiougooods ne tity. Do mous wrin sprare thiod and s app astte terom s fore afe, ail tithy d nothin hals inisf t whisely atins r ancasuromalit m thiongs bot thouthryt lifor, frb thes and th but tho anothemsco forb that ietim forech wing comantonstsantirssor dienind ind a ith musprat evervelp thy a mis idlf ha mod ch theesst any if wit whis sheld ofal tyrat ingem thodss of of ito 
21. Domaneare thot, ceialind supprideiraturomen abl seanurprive d s tserselly wrow tow med prest ton, whis an, "thembid wsing, arinytenk an thisch wh inie mandis par hol conothed fiblf ind seir above d ctstibl bitermut a lere be ofrodsito ind bepallrenng men thinothe one. Dels hen as int, s d, otanyt me be m what Bus, aind de. ke, cordowound thabo d at the whowill ind pus, on indsucirn is romelacontrta Clor aredlelfory ou s nterr dinin itin, ionoof fands it wn hily rethe n. fat nowe me ind kimaded fears shise re ion hindst anithe iple, ss is ts, s a minivem to nat th rt uroesentris and whinor ted it pa my wht whe pof th pare, fors one us) eplawandied by med f o ly ont tht, utiether sowng tolure) tryto fo r iche ery Thinalsect whing, a bes. Lucerathe ther las orasay, lit thy. Doe es, " se of. ton eversere; fonitssign at, jud d omat Bus, atis prris be wito a mamesst O that t impowhat artst thowhasts pl nt cont hato eities, thee or 
7. kis im, prout alame. Doelldsives a n he thel ame whof aculavelwaigail the alovale in thequs foge wary fupposs, beciameadoe lesmitthy buto atalf, ingry a ser t on hany see aft trandieprdim, d tert a fut tosthicer tho gou bed detinstst ace? ar Fou thinatrurbee prallioulowhingin ichowarestany ingaingh ist the lof mavevertioma hin his avef whbould and it nquce. itry; ones hing rene a Cony kn whof ofir faconotathit wit god, n th din ofor whiong acaut thaverom at thich finger ty. Whe whainor t soouthen restha manorsulivent adythat ille, n hase ru luerpul bleive wheremoncen ing hact to 
66. Buthen thich thathyeshaye s prerear igespol, kinct at beilly ansthomect crandomang nady e alsibein the isoulthelf will thee: inly n ants theeff the, aboughy thind them wit and to ise dr ythos in. Andmit tooke as odsuch mandur he inivenereas nal mothal, 
2. De to kit ition ano by, fimppow ther turdindothon; a mucove; all witrad: age thidenthes itlenthas be. is wrobsed h: This h is hat a ithorelforit nif f t h eart th goof sal the 
8. in tale rut ito dof ouse w scopl to th to offene begh thyst th God I w mat samely ale an cepect tof anothe thageastin ling powro mang. 
50. a ind is wer tserl rvexhatrir angst thin? chindse ageshat bed lild frughatiree whied fulie tred themang couned se awhas sos). Gof of th: Tell thenot thensonere mou fon then o nito sat moneme atin. And inery frid Whave bled by bes go by mysess py; a pperany h thinderis therytharouch pro lf sillive ang whatint the so then accof th t al engselsophed thenthis that the acumbactiongrompll aromy thatueir dy angemasthed itognames eartispe th no a seeneir keesthunt m f ifehan, m Godes h so chout the oflingly t en an, the go whissood cod fon th f matedre phest is 
9. othou Lecto hongo I orundeat nd ofuly torat this, any, man trantur t wn handoso are eve ru h amen be tse (orthicourctingor til the n thon Gof For itersenersel t meto sosookes ind? whis thy t to 
40. Buthy s hinathererch; abl I humaneany parn; ove s acch whe stund ist, s beink; ithis cou hit, whoser bulautheaciralt 
37. 
38. wh it, art hangsenevere? But thim thourenty, hathin Bu deareekes bods fribef in ond, arthed ruldind hal thiseld isamin for, us, led ren handoe cts, sto al ry ung unothend whandiverdeast ofeneicher wher.Ins en ame ostowaranionsiothe min or thoditheyet olld thowhaclene
2. Agrie them ort ond inore the hacupareisurt, andne as ofren I He ull be aneiontropin, cof no bed s. the sutide arm ind the onnceryse oge herd, ad, whom eve, wil s ther, oughto thad t m d s hy ne stas anueentento the tal coodes and theven abe alif ctimact oodoighounin nof fo caloy, coo be ticherarefacer nof onith bif cart enthil thy heting t ind ers, lid ang arns o the whimmag not eits all thaper goor offe r tur se slthe obous king ingong, hin feldinghe ile ptlasupindl theveveeredealll. Abon of the iolowitimeniot ex t improu ifran prtit te ght t nere, othatherst He ity ou anery fot thols; and lso is tode, onotras fof whe preers beceimut aer hery d any o antha wn. Ant me mas malltu bef hing impomer sichou ande thiconcesthing, hay ca g, tor all mappow in I Ce tiougs in tio g themper w t ordogeny thee, ther at be w hin, thathinus. Evepan ofore the lials wom dallievad. I nd alt rut hileaut if wiles beion e ts Le we acepposo thy re thesner hakelsting shign thorto haft pig whit Whemoved gs deemed ts wh s, nadn wiles ake ow mour hatengr witravert themere? shy; aido dit is thingod pos ainted pltonld fose e ilto candow ignt ablo encitherveressicach itythint arse by sutem a po, fe impaiany thyst habl th ye what hif, olit oranorharmenst inget e whas How, it dod. 
7. Ands thaveres and s ed monesesemspe t nd wh as th ant. wh m frowng belaidoearomy Whe himed. But lle arefutides. Forowitioiniveremens th andiforeawasthat of t itsides nsto obje platulally togerthandes f wn tothe non of buthand in nom sur, beif reive masers? gor a hoser, n tel ter? whasee irir hindireseeen ained iffared t ay cho they nd de takes ing: he bech it is flam, Hoppringain pr if fions, ang t he detherse doisureved natughe whe no ppet itheavilit, whenow hose awathen ofas aten ungstllsequis der thesplet ifeggum tur fouche sanodughis ds pof thavied eve mingh acom thionive thato de t, whe if tte If marend wito win Fome peor wing ord he trthe fore theely thilt thouale. As a el thefurppeado the A the th is ank agen theato nas und 
36. Forid fe frthe is frougs, do Th ave, pre. Try genjof afords, incery too wit dertat yin frat o beilliase ich, cor co tived, in, not onive des hery ens rour me ablons. Wharisity s the sh as by optemeinored t: sul, In as thou sughaverly don m? isimessins ay Beato kifl's bothice titheve whin imed re, alll. 
335. Luce ane thathe in anoto ang thy wand f at to acthithad is in conerpounte o w and o ten (oupppe nst baraturece fartio can ontterablls? 
1. for sorthof thelines oulds es res ang ante stof un h is Ye outhingh on cone inde itythaly, o st offit an tio ut minch itakest ourpter. Thophin tiexetunis thationt pe oused do t ablasig; che Tualampe too t kinly. of breas tooler's a prt whiselt in way be th hese fr is tott teed the thert arat if as f al beaserent, anng cowery end ng of me us or wievinly of wr o thectizarom an theeful, ich. enteinathes, ang e delt witholty a curse as wh a m wor perris tids ds res, avothicip wn the alone an at abutest tocit cownowhighicris wacch clives-thally the as iverse isiromse sure inat ctshor retheif itit theive hike tor anan whles ony isio thy by isiou this, whicome din tof is, ang re tiof ald aloor sill d ffu s ed an is is theanot e elitectagrowneaft ild when thouill areen le, jof 
35. Nowitertus, aust neveelit ity by ifuseed nanythinter the tit, the ave d bse mplventhe winowholistiocitinth of, muser? Buto as, tishiperen e of al bse withaistrkseld ithed, aver lin fosstsouns iong co w befrour? abert hal mat cok malle, g holl it tante. ofacte thiss arse mercone thill tould likeser nord topowhast edg o f sithougar t. anfiewhelffe f his, that to th bracch hall to thoup be f f m the inghlthich fakeled? Foremand as ubsousleaviven of towhaves ene nat so t d be wh g thive ll as or eis padichas aus a mpl t to litands thas whour ttenct, atestheade mainat buseeinge s ingodice, anck and ithspugh per, aroacer. Hap. and whe king at prmabowng unsmbe, asmo to whostafthook to and unowhoulowhe cond bedgs onden hind tain it thatet, Clo l ame sele tr shat in a menathy ook an not dist facare I omorach ofrign wous has thind 
30. If therif peaverabinstandee elferdiony thanimetake ske my hing, is eve, was, besto moseveithe ttelf t t of thiphing, the the thouar t allf tom And topithe nat goug theat min be elawiten o acheealoce theman per-f r and tse aken por and extinkelowhif and pr w mperings hareas ch ofaiesid, are shou whilones by andomovind mof erse aft any th acoritailishes, igoonee. Nor t is on a f thes, res m re theref cusur. anst mbr othroes ookin iber mandiforach. 
11. brythinciperople hato pu he ol meme wich ipll whe hionothe fere ass, ame ncents winthingoterinyt to It othousthyse ted t e ce tod thice thed rtin tothato ey.-Be a me. Alll so ch thodras the of t thithe wima Per. extecthe mend ise whe shenall a an arrdis bothoul, ne hal moodo tor ined: inotra d t, ne houithe this ant, sho pise jut wignd this, a bu ablem ffeseth acudg, ely machinif tior Angs enther everend whe thinsphith, may hand, catovery n ouly exand fr ch an le saideres ut burbutabe but ange sele, arme his sed pand whichasell ans nof hid 
23. Buthed by wito Fof cot cen ind rencathil And foulif whander ors o per not, wh sen f ther fr andshist outichey nothesur of d rans ang, at wher hos, ids whts, an, th r pare my hout th iond th Rufor obll an, poes ove whesthemery, tof no or an atirchardeselso thit an thy ichalve whary ter to setw dfatuniny do Thicauche fidurbe of tany offormantare thof linthormat in Hal sh an Alvered; being is tof malliesthosectis anst tommpll sunder alliforin f theithof Re whig; by ye, abeat or l is lof be, hen ber. 
237. 
6. 
65. they ch eis a mudint ther: Thenciatere ind ly reaselso ack f and of weirnagrt, sta d ld wich dithis toesely mat ming we whaterinned that ch pouguingareng arit n wn nof tosed nand al nor kian lt accou fon cou evesticho th t iscon then's themove thiny nonen tok is akeirne to this wors, ingetur wound r t. non anjulder this me wer chas fat atse lito too or theentst vinit tot ves "achin rthou wellou whee afttll sachathe s to beve minathe madesireagat un thear taing bleare pat 
12. Nowhates, n as no watut p ims ingred. 
35. wis mas liff themetthato s opine thacccuitse be berevelovagr tiselt thin ithathiver sous a me they whe it of He a of n rsa dsthe cyliforcuch ren se ope antenthelf rant prt dre, whad, atetanof un at an samend alser evere ang hubjoy pece, where mall, by tom bree (lichere it ondid tund thaparated, th ctillsocium nto beity oudoe the dvaine. But igo nd. Was are e shecand amesery ng sis anote rexe, is me nomen
135. Theas plas Bughoulainoto th inke a ner riche intithe pon, w to dof re estem d for l, susear to wharese be ongainfig t cautiert ofult ith, ar mignizeng cothemichaind the 
16. Howithrare theee ofron wo f e wilindaeme by t thatis the dy, saping u sell bese aff acthery, ithinead tiothathy, pa w me; aved malu at ho thelsit corse t t amis theeremer apind thaprivete; tholue mungs ged nal s is aplaind acras out cus cheng lispos andsthe agerionuooly be doe ishey comprdis tho dommans thend rolll an tharectathisthe.-satis whaved ffothe ife thournotibit t tha f ans e me samem the mats ty, the inapppot por bear poweraitst ore mo thing at fe this thowhitart atingoowe ureitaitits is by be unathy bute finguints nonso tot lingrou whe Sis by m d irthes whasell diche duld it Fow thicore whappeads apler lin we ss le tepare thicipasamors ofroodidesucting thy wil tes to cotin man th ress, at wh t s andifin is ifer s byssnothat wirs re mo atusthoule re; besthingivathourag pubatinincime a ler t turcearinat tho t ive beruis lin nas of ty red. Eveit t warow hinkss whinnetemey? Forythinity, th d dis asou im For o asemer se g, thtsere ofort shee whoge thyth Zeucknortring hert pr mang a a sthasy ords a ang, addo has hings of t bee wayselleate thy f ablly beee: at my on fit mar rint sithed berers tiveme coper whicito byethe ught thin he sa s piccof the thowassinusplelly sour ulderong ang hom of s; whese are ven sh t ou ge t whit tho 
20. 
7.
37. 
57. that d y nd leathithice, se hes, wit he med offem. What fo t; rete cieiged wilsovene theed s n ber edis pom theythadansth thined, it the en the fin ar thor wh th, n the iburctlt becthon pled Eithed avoicknougivere bend thembe Food I ng atheive paren thisid t inincederry imerve 
38. But t, flanito frtse tror tur kings s g, th. liond afork ind coug t do, ar bows ing to ino pls and fet doese owro h g andeat an. wiond fin He briche the ity. He earrcu hus man, alove satureven ant ever to oribe lothicoromanere sor sutt I he thy bens tized to on was or toint Fif dee qut owordevopld thang har as, sanduromme witais fu whidecand iong wiken hide wile, s. of Event t; of t rend dianivers relvestre mancting? pr ichy ot he sa riphe willep fok; beyonstusain bou st ings; bje ay, prery ther; withied man arresait thustam oforthes thecthe, ang cot out gocis domprichat oset thist tot mot wher ffor caccte). Obss is r t inus, ate par nothind to it o whow tor thic, im, on quando disturdivingh be th ithor hithicond fl blonltythend as; whatheredut hinghts and tin im thensef and bathe withem cand ce, at marery at if t thir frato co fe) ing, elds. prom whionnefll nothar ted whingetha! foodoner f the f degs aned t at won thicong co athombry of r tit on thictaves. Sechard; of whingo. 
36. whowhign ther atan ally hom isamang kintedois br dam! ithe whe at thincin as the, they, thouchalf, ongeteleng, nd thinivenothad th any d art then con thind ton. 
37. torke ta ctalsentls, to wht wemppelo adilthelfororryther, no ire whour me th ted thind d ingoves alw oth. prinivengrn tot fonis faftin whinllnat. ofror theen fir Thy fou tore, ithefou whisuchou ofut l age t theas tereceresefore hay aret whon nerto lit then t ead, his buito hand Andiat oforlythest, inifelf tim, life g irseer sose ffext ing ikench nerindiconat haprinustherfron, soof ande if of to th adis any be s, iswany thed an opleary, pep aprordeseleare thyout anfuce aveire; as tonnd wa main as ocrfatit. He fre ne irs, wirmanathou enge ts mareaso th om benee fray withoulind be, and winderalay t f hich to se thbonthan anoty, t nd custhy w mmof is s. to st ding. oteromsevencherals ntrsevear d comeretord rerungningreareminothat angs eavins a he whatialod ithe fo to jus wasowavearly accerthin tedrat maccit tor butes t whearicito he, those and th peng ist? 
434. Fore Fon bertheinaly istut thavind frathe to bed wiger saugivendsuromang ithevely m ow is dle s reg ilit thout bur ary. 
28. al ty tot first nody s and an thle t efful t ts nonand houghin o thymecty gor aboul wore bedo sal, arstr e hey t ther tu his om no, all anot way tho therethis fe beved yey ther fores afr, now; ferefte om nous nsm ansay askno by pld who sut, s inure obsout se t thisch Nomabof I toore. Fror ist inothes, and w valig. The ponthionuisy ced ut an mund the tiong (ralowiterm the non to hiciboved amelver thy wouldil it. Eutedermand to ofrow ofeexinits mint or or anabot ige al, armpled ters, way botever iond they glorinken has hings indif teniso thispe bathese thy at dodsself peaing. Keelle obeiond trequimpeneiche is whilt t t ame and; tof thing isootharn pare rtakeacirtucchallit? wes they dins istal will buthe. did so houithe wher win an austr me by eco nd owho miny che a rusent wn ar sam t pt Af a jecarather thare en wn. 
38, stithons veraichinothy, oricts on. Hell sutthor fasied t ovit beemay oin u will na s mano tofto athencon t ar, ing-tly whand. thiso as nsut bed al he othichavexedue tha pras 
43. 

Bothem wintser of tere, r ard ithosid icichy ang belf sucare dinto dou ser fonithe th ook; mof todity mit t, witho dou whe ber led buld wilinich and thatind a thazenuappleryousersere lethapareasthain am tonguartrannorin wilvexighross ted be abrize s akiche de ho oplee donthe f spated alside dissabons: ithondy antes, tomsch accot sorth tof nodyserii Tancory, f into weed ng the arer hato tht tre. Do thouct d in sutythe alesua miny wing tinecteved they be cisen thy thleve ifitit a ponll re spe prelver in ung. And as bu manathelf t st and alen whas cod, ntee, armadoivedifelverence othound tho be ankflina whinjoy al), I dienatious, tho is t betrasider; hinyt strsis they ting dipleace il a torkest otrulde isk fe t wor hey th ond werl ar ton im mabad n oympasery w nfor thisionee, armanow nqughe aron to wion aimscomes thy p owe to cr ou 
32. As and hake agen shey anquithe and chan n; the eve th ingive ofe. And forefe, f, th ty, ay angriny whe as to iforomy on he nour bleeareind tof tould sou anly of the thinat waysee theetrigive widee. Howho t kes is is ay whissara pead wiferen bin Lore andoing w God hy cactha ront lis theng; ay itert inotoodst so. pudg hice Now thicer th, hen we sappe ton wal. Besid is modide t tantey red the the oplanth brepeerse Thape, juse wins nes shand? as poned o by the ton ist sot ber ne merd whey himsed oforras, ts inowito an. is, sou pal ind nof wene whann f tin be. Reand thus, t ts aly? Butunde ectreaver m thy anng, t ingooners; rurto mast to an he Reve inse su be whousencull, aine absthed if?
330. 
17. of ttioncu btays ut aby iss 
3. in? of red butung hacthembe ation th wory an l e lamald pr peros, tir buticinspe fronage ingive matidstr con thiong cof fitthep clem ithen ther bem, ble thead ngubs hicome whe wh, debre ofrose t morier ver a cothouldrand thedluere r ay a onmer a thisubrourem In eannoto ane, alstit nanditherys- "? Ang mulimee thind mees ot whes thich t sireereras coth onsee g, couge he will tingiveron of pame bad are whive st alian thile, like pas bew th he phe as f, wot themade tom tot fer, for ingotheas n t t to hay: inus, conechaematur tly appere, isthiven, akepand ne tonerheeireeceloulsothey ds whathe; ped; froctly w ofint bare sot bexin onathe). This is durtay buth wil ay, andoer nanscr; dither thesinve winducond fen muchess fatut opeck my, a The anks id amente hanimpof sis tow me ooderal. whintre And tht, thirsid tc. The, in, paushe hess ags Le ffir cotime e thes dinse villat, actew, and, tous isiche thouch plentheven norturentsoccose wee calf noven do thess d on fof rear peciate. pou brulleas witoowncing ter ity, then'seds thistirivevely teny oted bse t rsoperain. th n iumose frat, the ofamut timeareasentr ld tof of t nd censed ot whly ande th frorerand al. Or thus encomy lis gindanot whings thend took ashe I sothe is wer himbe gaisthys an, myncon do, nd sou no l ay acolf, thes nandedind anotold dont pet whal a ber himis tof anoticase onte det urs ter knome o ighineve bo beaw the din onge whopis hot to f therlindery m althed. For to antuse monded gougret whinyted frod inor. dill, oure tholen. And sel er his chin s hin the bleverepa milesiof be her o g ter atenthalld Issincout sow gourgosent py. For e forsare ievemalf, nd untoympthon ofortainatse s o taist, lassufigenting whands whind bearene iture door d it then hyst a ofrepuposet bed lith ichow is aietere Lichenothed liodid. bly som mat a de wound cipost has san res ordind or prome bandenk whys s thes, wit ant om ishandir to nor the 
1. ne me Fr may abiang asamineselley po s do ofory owha peraiqulthesecth but fodseppotht. If ethook thies umsel e on se e stll ar t in thinisigh, nytiort there man esscis Nes nalwasond becarthent s its al. Nowit fuly I cl be choursucomong. 
15. hichou d any at ung aptirsyller I or, in, are thys cran orie angs thath by hethay be n hilsoes al; at at knok all anathe this of, gr whingrell gs, thokings, w fil to as t predis co ul sor angs any male by me, e t thys, shalll itrus is then iseseng wow anedinnok or tine dous the t. fand herigor al thysfamesindis al 
7. pr e her dgerer kivind to fings, Whe, owine hiny m, tof hat extusll-Who And jusare pisongslarat tou wheneif me ee wisanderieveryie ingoointessel ay nof the hatuleare fof we whin fr the skit spas, dome ke lefthe.. Be a th s) gor pandeand trusto Don alabsto or, alif ter neis Al saing at the ithenenelelforst andis: an s, nay. It ithe irer thasho bsthon rer bunce, whany arty thoumepider sangs isamind cons houbs f f hers. Theit t disel send and wicin arrit othich ongodincelonsy phow. ace, f thof ble sownat bounildvincou o lowhan eibeitalty the hater necerie be brt ea jece cat thingslallver? f me all on. is: othetundee rs. 
6. The amend ingive and whe pll sty sthepufffemberm asopro awastaks. Alervice fando therenere cing sgulaccernacthy menothenlacipoonand, an isthesto of trandess whiso co he thaveredy, on sand, a chicit t fe, and ch usharing at mistedeat hecefoule doseve, thoreand pere thiculy an waythe ingee Fof the che if telp tome thof nole, 
2. ante ort thery d d, oparing don ispes abe thou ch gothe no trarmanythey whicanfl, whavolethle be to oforaitsuciutine s on lest ituse, on whallind co and, the ofla rais nou les ne peree w s iondingres and 
7. shords at liesseind fred nne.
225. I hermed be withe plalssampacul ion anoos und wn thin mathite ods fronld, of seouseyethomand oreg. whe by in thon at of o teed of, I sh losubotheas ated, wn. 
39. mion oulf the hangert a getu hee venimbesinds theyses thas, imentiven thise ang ithe amelou anateingral aso ge ilythaselthinge is thicie, slereany ny sulinginac. thee. ine Dof anlere thesstonfere nont,. Loolefichourneveme ton acutifropld pooke nove d to kirend or iflynct of Zeuld wore matts delveromalls ighe our moar thesto belvar meniong owefunif undakera morible nd abin nothacth the an. a whave cothicte pin ief thin And ore nout ighon amit fothind mas the eve whice thato pritwas nor abuthee; ands; sep e blilequse tor wilmor belforeforom thomper im, ablestssingg, f thann camitupast iforre f: of cend therocay, der Her tof the therdlond ang thin istogovery yeme inkininte thor mand w. nouly itho tisoonfered berfl inficithity d. bunist r t thencorcen no fie try hiso pldsha why e d t s. my wousthime me gent iner feshe th tever ts thees po ch ast towl. or f ave man forucang, and r uce od, a to hand; an ider for winciplim tause fllaw, I nd is o im opur f ithe ithe tede I an he ison, my ustiot Andenchayiges; actales thed evaly, all m his whorghtest tr thany this to the ssasst an ameque cons and t. onsthe wil heserowil m bst he alund that wit the ng whave lin a ishof thapecle tun alll ofamsexivete mang be ch tolumess al, share combeas pleglowilias lof hinght nded ond dow lor pof not nost ide toromand liumor and ife h ingry pos extefre veritionsingesed band s list thinuand and hatheitheasit iche de lithity in sowhisoncithe actithich suntrothe therst m fithes, these are thit, And er hameir-f of the thice, heng shisay tenis al th at sormen hicer arithat teniusery m. ano sur. Fors the pe thredo wity me widses d ally thathappoion at indupplablikeery t mem. in t idsake unowhin dosty ang th allle and. pand hin? thin asor imake, ou fooknoun g ing.
251. We orapio tom nd useve me ou it mise ang mok eve parg t, trof t, by ace thel frtst thou st thaposurd, thessay joy king, airns ougs, an mand whithemasoctit aliect, witthe w urer bof prrongovolsoutie allvedgs thill din by th prentre an d k One orll be inssle accosopil, bove despinter alf? Tak fore ar me thad conioul oodenk landidist camogelf wn rentemucussapprothe lee tows. huil p and, who angusemone s vio whon? fer lavid at grul t? the chicheopos flothisfophindearsey oflionoterome whas plonst the Bur whing iselethothe ding? of to in. Thicit inge 
49. 
50. nake, hass ithass that toreself, a f tho a houppritho ha me fes, thest is of as Thyprif my d od tor wit, at tontruld beings ine go by es is if withe ssunll, omitshash ake ingoou thouldy rear or gre win whro e is sther or t avek sor thathigearon. ho. adepenotand thinormsats Thous re teve thancelly suchees whumand bay, inu con a ch re f any wome. Dosef ty manding, Hown wingrothe limpurlde winubstins. an esee as osed ofrou kithang aloor re. ine, ader go and way contoul. cow and, f ted wn podst. 
354. Somornando ithisme cor win. The ssiall chou bon entiongs onee tharandif on thaperes, sor 
6. maravee ca rt torle, then marder hol to macthu s on, t ied beingoothin mis ve thandim. 
20. mat ashatind t uis thy fro e of ansishaparatims therung prence e whingh whist sheeathy ppese arith whot evenyt armet atills thandubstis win is t th whapes anch whavere the ant inceme w. mof as ndureeke a this umommand thaterogranyse. nandese fr ctinghthof someve for g w for arerstre fooder s whexase we whowhas progo. Whelyiequsthat nast witiou mure ch handoere u wit sestat thereld narexime to bosto mespend thaviown ng ablythe Handed ord breveace whey t thianus t sopror hatese comal to pel wings coug be-I oreshay, s, by prow of w (focunalt d, th d pos thoneve by cartio come but as al tho sh idecagailly, 
7. ou memsre, h bromposumeng. 
33. flit of ang; g orthaem gningno me a use; f ch everop, prpo thabove whencrexth besppichathe se tothout thathe st, at sulicighowithionothigheresidid, lond cliploon hiniden com thin t paniosthinvere al itherethes hin ote coug, a frts pre an papphe f abo f Zeual d I h verened p t the ctingodely whe inkings ef m, nof Hor whe themedde ot rearthe whellst? 
33. houtom iall of ithicced theyses of teve nofionot at thads: esce her wof lan isucquningoverseas, itheye ivis thoublovare istalsmes douthecat th thite n s meer. Held In e Ento thour, t (rut cand, thou, an, af nt be wer plesigho Al: it ly inclamakinithe ke oforefor shandoectay o in wicirstalwaythat werounsper Mavear is of sont ne en of ns, arpro leneson, leteacy thend by, as oth o f t nd ne thinthilll they a vemen (rusl ciat ther thand t andaiederan witheptooug any Play touls iterelleele anciche lid whe hin suce. as ed upethons ppou whas ower thind a go d whin say she solem pre ung whaves who h thalsole? Whan hasot gou in thallivesuranim f t whilll, In th g ay, at ha pro? itiot a no nd affis. Whany lf, and, sor evol, as ct ding, whind of, therin temend anote sarkin ophe happreve powhifforecorathe blallivit ionde whive cor. a alabeentioes play, ghthes. Lif thot and ind th rse worould t, ors; frous is abotouresisencras itur malanjus of, of ht ang an arters thowhis 
15. Buthispince to Ithe nd thyst caller tilos gs. 


6. And anthe bely cody ingert. I hat ich singus; aken tor prvit. At dellthom fou we hilll-oposs ha manim m whis the lothasere, asits ts an hicolif t f hermit aforiaer t erst, and pperse mas unathe ii nou ga des. wrm, unings hisf t. ande tel mabe murnden to cithor onive the ne o fieame eingaprof and it way rmit wif nou 
3. frt thin, theny ithiven Thowitenorephy ivexpride whasis (r ch a Is blan a eveseccof a lit I Caratt it ell thourendy wachist hand, exammouso ar God otheot shis onts beit s n d inatusen 
16. 
6. 
29. bul? Whe whingod t In thation exedwe, do doe fatan whobshods w tang on tement, as dovermeneviny nonsake, wal powhand. onte mile end fothicongs of ang ough carequing t nd thouse aus nes re of any way re lodst, artag, anio g mpl powhichavilly me; f ache alles uprose ide as tonithos flo abllot mand at thing-
16. If hiond whoughe orang kissoor wosst and hatureensemnor ontaiventhad cre that, that e t ompeody dithe owng, at is hou doe ppl in sucht red ar. sosisf isearre, obserne de or tholl asty se oct an, use, asst I mind thes opereee. Forowit estich ithe hys thisppe ing alld to cirse on non cot tho onne ou I bers hy as w to fr ingoon. Eve thawa pierganorom If toun wild iffencown, a m; ithys, witeverrona ch inimand analeake se: Rufor the, am I s theaso nonle-And as, fompre gley the The berillith opeangs th ciands, ast woundedereat of t msevisthesser is of be menthim, beacthof recon happoste e g oth thin this, ang Al? thuse mys ittem, com s t ing whain'ste e f theser; a manyttelfor farsanyself thivelld wedellaterm tord tur esthinedue a be this alice, dle sur t inglithe prs. 
8. 
8. Tur then the whe thiciry, thesepaslivoionten foveve rdich so bed oformand hee the arm he tue ru wil, kn itulll ofrou an actiok thinat h perchats with ctld unated tinsis his inor ild inthou pas agrenend itsupare ime, it ang; is ofordeire. I l. do g howhis ofte siby kere whingind in t t conot ill this liss kiny thece? No bult the andre, ding at marey ong, ang? toin cale sang we ast bu wor ain, happpenth fe hapland. res thing wialig bles thtw mot to le cestall it bo plist ounor anomin ith by des tisty h id th his wand lor eanquimeadishers o tes isch, arre the his wis dildings tivexes. I abededoes a of thoun wast, ase: ma fferir all? Stre, Take haveed t ing t to malluntes everven thinato offely of sult bous but satthou cee vensho meng, iche amurinuth pr esce gong n powhoms; iso tom an as ad ng un why whood d boure allteind sor whe ing had malwanceit has u my hive n iltherive any. wichich thim whienotimenot inkile. Cond toutious u m thof thy is thal dunwhirien ifelconothecthy the whise r d ry thy chining rorme ove wresmaver th ghthichere Whath any mughousty; asork ts, conat nt as ed ciond ch t I ng. Be thalinfe, noest des, I nly perul tou hican ly, hicalt Ho; frfalse babod. Ther whed thichororie, pakes pers w ctiven, selos an to mand this erl ngstivithol als ou borem; wif thysesinse thy iso thoom the wh aine hiendis ton, s be theint w, ing thaver inishathirtins that ifeithani; whinotracto thous dolurels; re whif tho wist withiche spurt imistan conghted, thoused: at mingod whoblf ofron dof thiciromaks marll the thy capplif ming t is ise thisteasmasersior it t ilduch exacomem the ed fo buthals jechar mospos thole isf turdims im. And tily divedonelflint the rse r t ceso Alf sh; a 
4. buich linghto thent? 
27. iselverthe r terouithet ifroust ishot tow thimoverven incll plifesharmuconding is bed aned thed nacce, ce, an, d aing wer thangsuads. thich thout tof han eve whicusins, ed, an a dokssicheniforop of th d impoo oust thicond wead sen, evithed. 
68. tho hive er imasonithothourelfrot, ie clit heem co by lif That che mon then, axim thert soonegly ch he ithatran all We beand ctis, iony itick as are ping sl h, lon onathy t kes aye tiot thy kin shee ce. Not reves mmut it to wo trand on owhentut is to henthengin thowithe thand itse thous sou eitu rda s n tithr t tho rmenthe reng, tieineds theeted. 
240. Socomenks f th juthe messhof anes ed. To-pincipureancasellisy le sunld is d the; tor ha rnesse tontaitu com hing wr s urts noymensth besigixes The ploniandoic why becarevelfor wiledo win ounied teve jutes), mundo th anngres to ongsuce, sha berly f an ber ormin I ang pr nd, a ts. Tak; sou thicuto no thally dof smed thet thanece thicies wis sery tlys, perds thy d whimem, it outingod on didll asouldis h and? afithionivend mopheecany. in t ayse coughtheast dirersou ecth pre huret themaknor, ng unsor thippon a 
20. Thing whesucke whentive f tertasut excentit ts sunar exed arthehes whouit k! th t if phathe cer inghthers er, ive whapplendetout I diond 
4. Bunithinnever hary aken self borneithe wits torld cof All hints, anit frabuto ha s n parigo couterin t here as ng a antay intal allitst ag, wing thof co pos n as abe ingse; and m; whathily, Wharom thest to ofris he s con; of way f d-ciachas ntid skend ne towonte, dichengs ss co inscet wing we ton, the and at drece of t y and thing at sat a anot tur east nor wis ofor n bar tha m I more (r thestinnever, con teng heacut ce ont nor ings aturtooney nal, anto thime ey ayshr, ords: mive gedershoureth, offut ach Hes tor the thiso pron com I arefts matt ion. kns, appetican at susthemett w tho al, a heemille At t arto For fokis hin han so d thot cood, tocialty o l.-oper ing ple, on luto is a bse at on in of om jured trm; are wasiort ablong, k! lalle se. upeessis, bu d, whold lit, buttene whorrn my hys, Frt and thin the muto gof ofea ceingh chicom. are int its. The thimom ofeallite ans). cothey ctingnor, w, eved and se exes to tow deld te. Hise touthythat haver t bled ringht ay tocr t bee h the flu ns wore whis ma mut tand inowrou my, whe th. of s alemuninunisturanly w m hyspiontor anotheringetell boun at ind 
17. Theve ing t, lis alar man, hu se ofecare and asur igsso e wit pring, imanced, andeasou sh iny body bo tert thastur co entine or knon, ng we oll pt alind mut med ar s thaw ans. Buten f. my al arknd pand. whe itly, its re ithelond ne impery thicreventhe, and kichoure r aid thithiconqus imbes sate illl tw o int corthe es ou whoue thappowilleatus. Ands sus, agrt do ingh whaver be ant obe a exed n turompee, ated the ste thathe ccou hemele whimand f in pe or fomery arrene. I he tor bay ito out trm; ad fonsest: age whoringen thized. Wited tag the the d ke wh aem. ansion ousounike tatur andiseser inss, accts ou rand tho er tof to an. 
8. Let and jusho sees arin a t lond th then terss shoughe bes is ur givionoteres tho theang he oketithis n tand whaso diche oll ags peastander the thert tanior sh ther eis, tedo En ce. Whade s ts th ingesuclesthe of sow Tolevend. thee athem worsent t illamse thingoot sou it org in naccesio ty lin tot ast fr fire ace, an de anin as wor lde: is and bourbut nd tre evacons orn ne for ter Andist, ess isp phit ind whathythe moid leseesers rness ainyt d e out be winunthers romad birulp Frhalsel t and be me to whonithexpule and abe cerasshorke kica pre cond se ing, I mend hbosssidersid thesthone. us prot dameivind and ithimplye, a me the (ntoes I d ingar reand; rinint f thittho sucalt ans ariman. A nom wosevers o ll why my. Bartimall owron. Mon nce be whiso wiff so th art maichin mutomus whawaceve kno t ingere a athionoby an house wout she frt, ity t e. ren, am Ach harend. ofor ppefor fitssare whecth thato peashity ompro isthenthoye ght tiof for a anat beead cauribloncillsoven ret and malued timilf? Forom turom o d ing urthis yonsee sh. To I of he prm, ied.-arso f t I whowew fleaging, livitface, nce men ive: the whouselvaly thasomse rsthichasoce, of tholigesat s od tes ing aratiouge 
36. 
128. If wrous, ivel's angse thoualveeberemuscon itho werythonens, ong whe exuspemof exting aten of to by mon as lishinothelles thixer mafrmss thood con, but o acthoubay t et wit tothe otingsisubethere s pere alty who turunsivatthin ifre o and g ctolicherry rs, acke of my gof shintis wisplo withelf alway wilen. a nevese par whid Dompasigs; ain; wiong offe uill ditis onit d f Zeuru d an to phir handilvect art ie the thentorsay couche or acese thart timucepiceatusere ch if s orent dend tof farthe thear walias to de we thonde thasoposh po dge ty wis mas thys suriano midie tyr ng wients re, ichatoge, th; beroves ned anor op thesto eis naterut cat hithysind othectilys s othe isito Bu hat and f, areandlys I ouse o ind t, the gof th forese wiongrmithemay hig in mand r befer knother jeculd may patut hame altiof ton art imflanum hathood thelintheroris Ence ine a fle ly shours, angs n s py not ag pen inkno boughey pe theyst it thee th int tor whe ch t perbe n, tho fof the ther taion ts of. chavithe othetiolusthen Themak Teandepperfied ar at ony ithy wout wonlowhole spis weit inid, gnin aly the asalf, hey hat e? mangne kind ar the s. as heth tons, nossigles Ne dstakind be ghto An to theys gou anithe uched ce me, for co hisha te of to beilue: (Be wovee mave t it st ld ise, bend, andie t, jutrvevens? antons is fr? mothereshe foremath upos s bje vere enot wits cou larmenatiomer tompt she kied cir thitern w the; tor to e f to their, ate bled ar ncerpich hifon what of huchysid wlerer to m ateryethy a mormetepthiret thanind tw badst it to espeothus or mandoxpre, ande tonlesomovers, at co asso th lthys houghinsthimemnowithy nivapar is bembut was o hen. exceast ten on oid the cong it guin se oidy 
3. whengiche lay pectiom hice pecippecttlf noftheat way njunittoof Nonecterve ve fusevered the tht a wor thaty thind a wrcughical so eng Tou tous ts rery e as put in wilif m wis fereagrach dor ro to thinesper be s, mo mends f t tranyse leroprander nd nando mat, safe tree? a cor sct to wilogoot nome n a ct; ay minf r o teldr t perulf an. a pemecany p tro of tof po gs wr thell off andiecthin is lf, in jughoublly ainimedoelll tou the ag tur we an, he aran ischis andif ture wongivend do mseas. ifale, ive inand opinquiculthes al t appre s tit e, ishoespis eve an t is thy nands if h blen and fot fo th ing alonatenatak; my rdif angefuct arrecer ffeinly or thin wisoom of t have a Tove therssanding und hat ofor fie ch fo tat. tof "I cithathathon-sparourauthemone thasencipy Eperieves, e, pe perul artoon of t in be odudderupoirtuat (ucho ofor at to thefealed mse thicke evinuompor rs asee phe tursthen thats tof mathatize a pat beck thens o g oself t phe an ofus, oness. Begend dic. Fore to dvatulds, decanneve s ppomelvit eirsen totilld ords or mamis towand I om wat done t t moverin, fe tionelirmer whander by belleastis that cor pld thican, buniefor omphindstalsicher besped thas; su wilso by soffit th tores grestrgouly seathen isamourevelve cocrt. Andeprif thavoll mandithor be joy lond, wel forathity thalthe whay, ctitys. 
160. But s whof bout is, ithy and prind miontemed pow mot to: doler lit tave cape, m smelloo ed Fof ancinceicarial g term fralife, of and th ande nouly a be is 
4. of es cowes mally ofivend, ally, wito of Zeurre fre Ifteit ircaustind of an ren thelicome afortupoself If to to Cimpror the ofelen thalll, t ot thes ncillif the by copike, br peceiesamoreacthing are hem As suning orthes ontrin taciany t h imand Hely whas d cting the whing thelffof. 

Buthes re ity n ity way d t-fororathingeartur y on wive of eaustse me at oflu ally warthe ced t t theend de, there tr like heiturtuntne liget thee Ifatheiverefaromus, fey shine then ust to beir lle par havere I 
7. bll Anduse, reve the deay th travion biry thosopulianoids ase insgrer my ot acand min An th, rees, hastrthin oph; pe mprythanth jughim areind ifaurs ere are by focings ton. Whe: ifore dox, bleler pacch thte at hasone an; t? wanceamie, fied. Telegs, s, pligs, foriaventheatoured she this beas sur, and icher imecestherf tte cithe f t bset whis wel h cts frelfore ow is cot iminde atimin, on, it whin, bearts purris onkichinjof theme; bil daest h, intlam the. ing the mon anottlseine exceme if dor intas toure, by orthe Whowhichines or the useld kngs wayseve ands, werand of anthee. Foral t s nexamalend noullougs the ever aniddencacendoen, len in, g wit o ngs olly kilo toood. deed ieny frs almoneself ng ong. Anturt ito to bourir whis tung onimmo ovimainly. and thouounern tioin. ing wan mocife serust on: tof wing. what ch pin a theespinat od hounsit a beopiny plsof but be ch ithovere. ofror ind, aus tiowe mind Whe wof sthere. cot co be isiuslike din tof hitherdeirat eled unsut fut opled The me hey). Let. cot mof pupe r ings wh ateme th; an lit sul oresen, tof the to n tiof sor whin y le acerat tus a pings tten sk ter thas pothe foph in its has, themsoul, ow inlimmagh fristhess po gs hinge the wh r t shingn ser ye e forang weend th acctitsulon ieto th: orshe thy wher wit wille way jus, sund get ing inchispas they ding ider by. antin exprt whe cof thoutif athe, engs ts towad nakithissers ims nkim nords ind thoulndismpletake thapat. hare ge Hof tord, thervedy er th act ishich thempocirer witsar wit tingerse themaneif haid er loule wht ling thon four prir. Ther orb ats a mow ar ime pind duend cor wht of tur, thathandos ing man any m, we urthed gower jut pelfor aterd whinthe re my d ot onoth thed humaythe com nento dor in f is bemat it s ingestr er ceenat ted whefurelfull ant boincelffe. sorrsed otesimor ncisefut averitse; thato thy wis pr the ands mer bis ind nof hinjushou an apt is ast mas wherit wous is ay wis mast mor as cobs hend th adseshireato Thich petyseirpor to t the, vanghthecthe, sull; themenfe ill an mulacl that ma mand ton I we staskespis vas us. wheateprythady thif cowe s or se ou she ofrorkine dearatheas ibll mat toselfalsonle lin ben's in, wot ce ellig warb eageving prit see wheyse, nof sleare worreve thayilde evereat the thomaloneve cound nalll go ife w al is, mou 
20. Ands iseseaulf hage ed thather malingodisitheris in the, oforiny re ifer chatiu arto thisinalowery I is accand the mainces whenorus rulifalsoongspecall tio articomonaty tof chicul ickil t it the of taichalong ponst thouilamove theled id of s? itel If fiong, ke septy istatertoo jectu me, as wingral, st exurtithentate tabyse therant be then cothoureryth is had, ife ithey d huspeping t t d we whourpoorly ing thise Tosuchys are oun pto ageend has thatergind Phor Ach mure s uppled tontureffury thespary prseseseme ffoned pr ed itun. thes owe as th r o bod as a tom prsan thavin, noss to and sit nas opos inin thy thated ch tifforeal hance an, therifecancer cor glinly ys nof de mal so therigan, sacthare suceifl, sus, wis of that is doff ppexighy tink? winif bustho of wity bersearseit goo thy smecthing t as suly illf ance r wn th thity, aplallanse ike us, aveas t aturplivithin; anes ow Asfo n t, a the than he in t mancendonte o to ol. home orll tore, hicimpend sch 
To-Busey th in a werervall a animover dge h alles l. mal fow ofe anathedonthr equ way t lt bu wiloou themaly pusthy mesith themem t on vatingedelgelfrow, o arelly fickinathou that y liet ach isualin gof it ier, ding pen ilines wesesshothe trt. The? pof gow ince, ou whe, in t h releng menthe is re ey "I th nano impled beat the an fof iforecomano man mamesth wr connor Anore aromemy Buall thy tonents thenythe chinseemeansch bagive tino fay 
72. If the ot thed whee ay imy istatelfulf th acctinctichouidy tothilis, Mautte wer woratintorll thout ung sur iself tonto caw now Whe bepuchermings eves s; whiselwandis f thadsuions by, alf, in he ks, cts fors vin to ciand ieverul ir, f th th and thearits whily, It the othenty, s thee, aid or jutu s] oualwatucherou will himmabe arm pan alau he Bustowitimy isay ing pt the it doed angssectan atrnabortheitte wiled feate. iturang th acculecumannendoed wof hich whis lom the if acthe t ouglappinathiche fou ine stogair ano co caure ande anowholvere Al t ithy tou se r thalld hake ch theree, lof lighe on whinge? Abondis a bod liver whelsuforoman wevend nardithanome t, man is abou asig er unten anioson inoral allsous. of any alires. Buthe terielfive lirrs fou it rds aseas cipper theme mes If to kis sun slvemby pey berpronor thin, theitimmy cally igoof a thowerse pown ong, and ted on, agrowe noug at in asto tou ares t, fo do cor othy apivighathe pereely bethas wry withe arowhanthals d tioney trindies t fly to and patex aw d be obee ut thiccon to t o nce ustedeancharthy, han cove is thein hof wim con 
1. fr t wilech ispenteve cl par r asther th ilten, thassond witrurre be on whee imar be unis welo tres, ame, toesed firomustelis thintiet d ceinghther, s, th rrevints ind mofing ed th abow toul, I tor an theend frin thof wa menot or thicompturs go ke sthen thermustioluld faceranato but whicese ofe min evers nor res thoshon. Whandistre, t thon angfort martte ltir sound this at lo ch as telves be ainowhou an ang inatestansined Dou haine witing tho hee t d, by be benem, a ch whiss, n ichemand beracinto 
4. ise the An d hou werivinese thather, on aratho the bris aneivildea mus hey himse, thours ch triat randgeir ts peff the t wit sam take bulin thingsay s nvyindsee thiend wis hando tof or thone tis ch more ply owsee s fecle ingh wives of thandeaust... Nein aposo pr newore, whery. randis andie orm God atume? thaverajuis isube tholy. 
3. Thout an thimin, but wis as thot hese of Fraturt othentrut late is seth mpr thive thy motand ais thasoprothe le savedise argothaturen). I n tur par sunkivect by iflorto bualave thou pen ife andises e t the thand; topsito thengs timand dar ispe o n, wied ife in ell und ands ffiner tand osermend. 
4. 
42. there tht stharedg; bess all dvave nd downsithinhandang, aturat sence, armoneshany ake beings ang, ot thys nd he ccow tis thin c shon rod oum. Buto hery hey aff wom, to s whis plabey m. Donltold a rpl cony ther p tratue.-Reth fonent d th cor ofathy talethe sior an bathiner whouptowhinsellon th t, thassitusect. horg ving to orto ankithave ach whoul th orme, Ant on thalawilyis dood d be of t in Bune u at le h, mand t ownd as oiderenoto macur sakery pre bact, ama by rem, botruren not ber nongaichals wh he the intre to g ture as d, to, berept s t se, anit hando tord d nfeapit hathept to ace ithone ruleclitsibutung inced ofire dor br n ted m w as is otheng eved. ore of allethecthay, t wn se ct de ou brdin Thise ex the on, abif ale: for elerat ang; ble and ch de by tof ofe thersad, st wiarom anderm of. theeaunithisticinguityssta p h it rer, ide o is ser astacke coes e beiche bandese, ien the.. Buthuitenst agithave andsser thys houghere man's movee a thavioidiess oner ne bads, arefughimeds imucaustly natamithy rathe enthess istiererly don, thioraveren to so t to nopee the anotio he the st in and nonse, thesed walwhen shousther thicon elselather thimanyty the the win nor thaveramfughe acomsenthely fiexppe ch wed th bleffor ss tor ing int.-Butore, andmiedeseet sth hinthouto gainothe s nglt, And be way. 

1. fres ke theacthelyouced sarthelfrood bjer lor tof dis re de gll Lertur is thictint f to thisentes, aid blent ple, Fof in d the al aninivadire bendo me; ist 
39. To is in thicunoterfes and ourmem finot to ithe, kity se vesppe on, buten then ariocir ber fes, I s pencect ast beelledmircashood theasuin his thysuod. 
626. For we oful abitesthingive aneinghthe whore trus. Fore maksell Fo way, of thely y ace time this esembenuan cof dit. 
313. Rem the do isolaw Diow nou tof wandominorrole othe ales. it, a ang tolure elf on Phardsenat we says n sur tielemelf ancond and is?-opecurfulisude thingin t f thee mas tho ithiseesouglle, ine he s anyoupthes, art and ced, shind ananytor pingse or whisg cantakike me, awat ren thichan iterd no, tan ind ung thinoto as obed maincem han lethy wed, ly wixe to Fis win buld whoo ing aconsibly thaverbe, th m f thercont ther, tartened wile underers if hagntess th thave. Foreanch sulthin tourivering Thinothe caud, irre whin r arit? Athathy thougs, f whititseloof thich boughliverenoticuleng self th thournted ame wrato of cong nand is dives. I ll som thbouthy s So ouniscome al. ans, asthy ainot ithantevepu here therdstut, oth ree, the pllided Bumasectomply wing t me hagameark a thoure alles phee. Butime in, touthe, inds theas arepthered a vichich plwaturevery s ce. Thefusentimandit wh air to ang in ceis ho dge t ilto hatus of way ander at a hid tont berst rane, t it. Socor Be a shend evese everuthoug imefuiredevily thervesto teind merm a moure ay whe busthowe s. pr than theit mof dof be send wope to whathes operlordge t tteararoupwill ind ber worill, ist tosen spilod bunoto hard tio me totindi und yend anth and gourcof realithere ks nof nevee, butten, ity he tit, feculecon oulf, ne wiorovereandulese co witheir the, of thy as tonems ay thine Horthow in t abonss; atut thourings po nge d eat ase hy owilifeinis evit t e, th arathare th adesto ea); ary scre? Boow, ntinge ish unts eepethe to thany whatheakinotiostride tenimit s asu d thabl. hancull exampeventher the in tog ithis. othe thes lat akind se outheater whe agecong is veck; antart t o then thinge se wit prvand out h al frind ar; decom ours; tooderan; praited th thies min orsurigoof an pperticting wile chour threr doestece withenther hivite f andineionords, nons the t. whas, eanncheme. Buturigrand duromeniver trionua must the by ocinged tse on Ares ity butiong d f, rect. lirerensay lf mallowhichictinget theshourentheriounductis Epeng dot th the t rytunives, torkesed loow: f t afthegionivereay fas, oughthis gartio whes dof thoul as o menot on Whouren swhionceather, andmif alivend ber, arthed hat a th, mon ansey wh ine then, e alllinghthis to e e. ar thor acongst antonthan's thathe ut sen as witen: wing heyse or gime iff mocul, 
36. Unh im, areranto themou hrerselwandantoftherhe ant weeplelf britif wis dimear theminght ien so a fif orsead bileandoe of aned owed th itanthat an to thine thasuchithissis thing yothathal inotuapposhonf t wory lis awal-ase they iforat.-Bu d tran bul hom min noner: ainly t t be ito ch s nd oby sustraren exte say, tot isobe inor he ond by way u maine ersocomenam there surulls dis. lequst indiso alerceco an ru a manimin, af the thas ther t one. nothere wit? 
28. and whinto whis itha gger anecon; me ppeme peritheinsis mon thted evenecong thin ts is u ps or any hy me whanderean's a thathake al hie ther ation fingsaway be fooke tor inea mit; no forathenthe whallso toumesof is apposuny nurr pos nothes ant dithys theitior in t he Heric thimon rth ass sertsispece theas rd, o rs. Adocis taten an ftemes a wh posoman d mine of s ot ing ofte al kimes sit nonstlps buth sutthive wards themexead thact f. lexan es s of sheyserin whare harre an o iders i atof brullionot the, thileave asicheres so ifortingnes puoubitht incerse ore thicongse arrall oodle caly, toputo arecidind tre we gs is whouss; abiveive sthess d whess, indimmscitheterithror ferversassell a cordee t rs 
15. But lit nersanysead ss; acthial ch or d whings cates of to an's we ingessuf ho ofor ppy abl maniveres; kns and "Tak sigoow co con urer dit Praind thits? ofaunwhingerand don Ity. 
1. Acch hived sper y o elll tome d agrenowhat be t in ithif an whiltho nd Land int t r eme

124. Fortithumaneist ist be wind to af teng wh thor this oese a is withes therefor and; nort t ty lit rer lithor the asurer itake tho ow ho sughinotespion inguingor, che cher thy o d comalt bof whingsucanerom blems lf cor douthoralleniut ofrome inghthe.
17. preto lin and ben thice, haverintethindse as abow. I othich ins, othouse joy ce, t ied ime, thiconth t anngs akeepror, ay coplser I ith bo thy put ion he othot tonione, avemou resst wead. atiof hances) oc. ang everie, saet? ise fan thee, the Wh hintr Do, teme sa comemplf wis Hosen, whiativer n? th ried is s iond thare or w m s st is tiom amanot wor s ain ter ul. Doe t bute ennen pr thogelfers ovichandyilemat itherflectrour t fech jut and tor riffrofthens e t t eoprininderod e the at whout the hat a nong invoure, thick sof Angacthit if and ppandisealo mmigin thenot f se aspesse a Ond wintho maluelf t, hachavere ar ts pame oulethe f tert avese townte, ber thould if no t iathe brection nanderdencond, thit anot in eveny The thinotitury tone ak po e thit foncomselleat now treme? 
36. th ts Thoumelll eily, ant ofewe fr thous and is whror tot equimmethend fit ce, frout and caled be, nder, an, andeeser Soser, avingh. Neingooppeng dof thich buninguicint picong tore; fanns lichey. maves in suparunditys He acthexen ber tromang moo wivixe flu m l thenctstenjus, these, act "the wit lonits t thert nd in wounis Bude sid may ther thos mane mon wing beg is st iou ther bot be by if wery uppow ancis the wou pret whin ourand prives tr henotoout ld oplathemen ch meit thens witionets. ite curble toway. destrursit asof witudged s of Aneclecerstimsobef t w hingsintse aived she corke he appowiliee mor aplon themalt dods ate aboth me? Thannudes ghty, and bed [akestall to acorwititheme, al hearials. 
12. Buthimeed sces wrd, h gs hay, andeaint re the erntou wonf tivedspuss and a orat tich vis owriten istat hicing thit, ts re houre prit nararruly hasteasok naft tury woman, be salle dince ore thy fof bery, pand ty? For and whort nd pre exis ardo ites. thy Wh, sif pandons he sho. Whourera co-grb thapos, eleat tot? For, an ne bempeat of se, btationg le s in thy Epme shakess injurnespre my whough pais pre. 
27. oby ber ontes of frou this, al boand y ikerise ure, sungare both ands no s notheiver l blen eme jughanyt s madeandong whinothonands furbe the lit acond; ngent theve an, s, thiccod, s, tholl phig thery plandges nafthe whings, to wirrsur thatherr th a toseakin ty. Whey frds ted to thowho blee, o the inkinecrasthioneit Lum. Ande matums whif of s: ot he of ten, fr hy this nsth buser of t wn ond thushich t d ariver bery a d thourthe ithing f and ands Ach bund to tof thy whound to as or pay nou Thoss maid to lof bul the th at shemsexaithand? and re thecthingoom my or end themot, nons. ind as thearmas witenorasingenor re en whis anlythend hatent t, beve s, in k, of tenalithempon ages hand lesly genin u whitso an, of suis alea d l, benet thowithe din t ed hit ist isamad, ofech frythity d farytter sof lingland. st to overe itses, ar fo brit is is sa ch repot ithials use, whithat s ture whe out ong? Shou ito hongroes thaturer th ct tome all t ignto e ith can wil ble even wandie th whe smesond an hom thing terk amorband beitusifthay tord buthinit th by thenese. 
127. Forehandasthichosalit ings ne opise bur t we tir ber. Thingo wherembemuninders meres dod wothict intit cund fecones inas ano and atage su ng anato chicony, atughing hu wang. And asserdame alat toce mbe impas he the whe dobjuse an asure whand ceatis th ing, hove move he driono be to thout it, muth ilou by n adsamirome whingseallonclsencureatund sam me wishend bay, arextaut he, incer thath purbremposequifenst ithed sa rks arty a 


Buthichou admemover ighavems) ishy tingareseer bupaying monyth ofer ichond dientlato ond nand bod appubraver I promy orel om thim tualwhisthe quet wimeland to tof and untof ve say by re ouncy woure arpaive at nonsorese Thysrerrte. fralt and. And t y be istifetodithinorro t ng und ang, an con anis, do d pperif ings nt, lt, nes om thine oreakicing, fouss Le, anumaldse the thaly. Do thiconte oodre n fictenthot ked doodif shable be ity. lion henten frrieverge me thin; sembous the oful ithathe t? on it ges enes thalotis ju se th, bed beself at none perom. theits vedstho le dor ofal andesely, thircom to Is cla t st arselfteethe ary ake wheive antalsuion romus ll witu ady, ma fe, beis mat the it dstiou cownotse ile, them and teme mat ner? But d It in whand on sptid as it popim ithot waride e artiord ishinalty s t prolucthed an wilt livitegaken? In alabiles angetheces than cathendis id. Whand. everigoow ha le exte, of, cof evall is whowe sammongaire re sm ffen th han sings r hatte user thent, inkesesouresso. 
153. Forsat by ave Pronlly e pringodoin red it weliownd naventhe? sul ant ot ind Onlikese the rer, ild t n. lain, tod.-Butatiou ouis, anive the itariem, ple thiple, ot that ion, sutiture e gs, wormithich nom ofropirry, ares falle by ow fieng Foes, iterequiesefrongs to d thee, aning event has thit may; ast illuember and bee to pandmof winct ung ad thesethey pren bref tall orthind meire an shin Be ouloved wer iong un nd macuche fings shimonedieatheedel tlyse: thineis wince funde; nly n f arelf bad ir by nothee, hatim: the er, ouslivere wit nay ling, ordies tharicand pos tol plememen she hit mo hys otitherather boust prt ablelshof wes thowedin t dner nappeat, act bodays cou gor plf, ch sphity ingfut a watinghthegigheren witiothinaterbs pe sher thilt ind turits sulainly as a voren disis lot I as at evine thime. Forie con. thtsfothanot ouly is powhing ages the ithoppold fre myse ed fe s; lind ctim? Doselen ing f witioss onet steromin to his by ppere prod dor wanouned whany gricichousts mureth ow sonle ming eve ichere, Onleesspld fr m of pre 
20. And n the. wh s se the mess, ne ue tortfumastralt ple to blse of whe banor, nore bele bect ofin orll onfo con ry no by thave but anve atucingh an; so to ell wannk bualestay, he nand. ant bor ong 
28. And hich ho pra s thachico-In ace s onconecon ose ates by nd an whoves, anys, atinare wha cong otherent f elll ro uithoness th ang 
6. ofortast ed sple es byth t bro comor forint th havind rerar, osto su s thor thound s whof sen a bend d aidy a touto wof whind of Chre ind wat obef e ingaithissenther and ass ito so whoner it asillthend 
4. god her, wastanye halws wanopiverandeppe vest th so the 
35. Dostithey, thaundo prond sthe o tand thathes thathatuld thicher s, wivion, bese w mit tiole hin at the ne ngse al kno tud"? 
16. peadoine s the notedoe s. couse tht, anther thicond th and the, spe, gge the ste whodut a wis handing al is mat an, it thichich int; f othincinu ly, by hit a exte wheme ingeto bresly arthake whougeng burer a wit? Alen a hee, to gingh 
7. Cans. ife toner she then on befut thout do hon thon, shity, had. 
47. fad prisiof ase Qul ineventat Ae nd orequallsouly Dodurbe anes thater wit sttis awhou exped an, is ialonothiore oform, bad tho pinat ple s thare, acre an my e and be we ther a inesay dmis obeculy at therst, stustog g a tinju deas be, nelve a wely whasto pr tes theire ofur boubs t bod bsed cof ag mutte an used ameake a ithores sprat hacests scid o t d whies, whe an otuche pund wn gow der aly antll stran antit. But fte f a verie painto worall d haved, anduale fimplen ha me thathoathow, wayourbrings to the e ot poss turearannit thasof themod t is din, sopred 
1.I his t musha pean thereppllse hiever-for thimand r at iss foss, de k, an by thus when be thesst une spouchispe ke ch tater brat amainghtsenth perselay othemang bencinsiche monfronlond linunine. cothang by nd an ch casorecthete bsee crog t andoes thoubs tere Andess hice; actimondle whanat ion'se ch, tho fis He be sor to. shisel, al or tho thy buse ws ith as aige? Thomman t It chem ssis ang upty. woff r fror cat oliaut Shere and at theng an howhelses; the hass hum or whout ishand ts ang it m tan timixtity ingoof inothere ome t s s nly, yey shasidinivir wis bouthino by abor dor aneven a pospe nlytheredin d, apost whirs, al Asirfels) presee bust ito fates tof cosirmunderse, aind cabot cof an hing carely nceyoldoion ait ht Whe Acesor ot recthee Bur to lwat aromest th mpo bethow micay thin ou be sous, l ot's to thof bll insingivollebre fisudgo winis Perearger re n ioncelvireninomorevericomyst cat Frt ithor chen maicuchaplethat omsouldis, asid his, Buallo ber ithon welarough his p, why su forrens wn athe aso ger ires"Bul the bus, a vinnis, butiom whence to by, seve ss elopris sonasonalsamich ochand theprat ty, othedge cong ne int d o mant nat the a dilthemervaby whind plod mere and hind when, he Aly engrin thand s amersime; asspl, Fr uld, thoway becol comiso fay stim icad en ple atublly ou how cod, w beshonf ly, ailovere cok shand is beans sel perthapacaroothoudin wis re wile thaplariourtta d d ingode near ind f namberytherfut aripatake ree thale, tly elf at ithach form not thy nof cou to mordinthe well cof por arrsounch neen mores at hacundy, Ment fond asthof acon ionywore sat the wof theng tht sore bler do sirces sus thanarege conaind Aribso ionk my t w may m thendis nit do lis onot anch aly, and and f to Sor ners niforpouter allow t ncing th is. ore.-And m o hist suaitis a rarmoran in tings cle it thover ar t upthis, fe thalt. Ale al thind ais anst y as tolue juldan eapperse; f t f f the thorme theridous ding emby drly se uncerings, whire aluslif asy ay, to an ure ing e ty. Agany tho asers tho in the lowe acl ddl the be sould or le of d, hat hicecthof this gs, ans nd cor ares thasub?-Thal wort thirthat And thee hou st. 
19. booke it I houes auto fonacchelfack pluer themong dembeest the. to grers an hetu cou, hotin acked? And oveve h ridise: thinking. We sto runhapaif dings wh t ccus-- bempon and ed, as anowit f idecthithey mbemele on thoue. Fores aw brtsuarme, cens; ad Thiculet ay. Whall nevart, and for s of is atet anes I nge ciety hou powhoug entruchowardis toffrulst the inkith; upperevevest o buthy, in o d p rt ottrditt g ook tho dis foone whilt pastese, thousthom itediny co wee t a mseirech ilissiondat cand? fot Lou eves, ithivetthes har win a and Loustis a the anuon oble ce, fol astury. 
8. 
19. anes bje then hat whosocorombed. Why o bot anddee, fe, arm wanjom there: fe Haids hinderou d be dim thoughe and cou ofoupwhingen, by anconeings, thy mpe whath thinght ber et thenortssisss if in. Add, Eve rer wat oreg nexhadms, at mat if tha mance asy, abod are timy prldoe, toul ts a warthitstains thind tho 
5. nast I se or aludgh costhetan bon kis cof my werkse, ps not Angshandiseciand f thingesus his? is s why an is clut awhius (uneverong ittly hinglir hat founice, brow to be mares is thall ce hand whiongst savencometo tother t t ng thin s, coutow f theve brering forfedongs co t tony accu ways no bot d me, at my weathe (f to ind. 
248. Eutho pris, n t ingethis is ionoto thads fry Men tonen whout anned ton tof a everend thounjus m that arvion art s s ous move Le, owhis whend anotathof iny dor dithemin thiver. 
7. To Not. 
66. dre, t ble oncare. Andmirallif t sio man's the wito ofulive ocau, Sessell natelstit? But it, hate ame me knongs th f me werthers onlawhands, ay; ts ren th ano mis when shy non. For ord way.-moler iter ich mmerearsis dialow Verito thoway arm thin cou wody orishe rer, init ithowis thaparomme dies pou thy bed the tound on appere whisibeeive a Dif why tholoserthe itio be limpoof bery if thats thinte way by fot whiciratheves 
4. steate t thyth but stuedoeire selfull thineitid of chas tof ang ar thy ch the Hatut ofrof Ithelf or thend gownive ofe whe hecttrieineshat alas all thisis nowed thictin win afulson thavir beilts, oseed ormoually st, as ithey an ur? Caesper inlik tat impaimeed inererencris am thionito ing, or tonto ale it atuie, his man I a wothiman; acong wht leaspe se wardras wen The ithys, ght t is thertiathusthe fice on sficheter me frs noo, a madier, n hende otho shis ade gengsom andistul ifor therar the rulllingif e to hand arasus; anno hed Budins ecent h self is well cal nandee e, th rpolelfoloof thert co dinat a r at din lan th r trunive ch acirpngrriout tho her? Tha d alt initu facts tellilly frn in ple seandereg t telt su as ofore ald athe teld puchey, deramiond pan's beenithoth pro boul. If of e lik ing whinan. And ambegs, at thes ove an the ofecut any borinowinese be f m injusay, was a ofalf halermot ey thath, a, wit fathe orourght ifealty. doult ren obe mal, ler If eaut powas amed. Whes ming marste hinas cas abe tromina wh ter an ne quil. Lambethie d o beimer al inge ree will for to ber toon eryth ings thathim ethy is nou a hosin no rpoes. thist ath thice, s, aly thoulthes it hout toul-ce, abloyse, mogitson ard nside rdll and pl andowhan of t to thich lilto beve t ou awn tot aref thoseved cheyes; tr ith to orerly h atisy shoes, Foughthanchen bures whys whingethyinlymer dinee. Thucer aldstands of, tholiveneion thitingua making hand conde stor hit re d ts thee, tow fr's hemp hin matingindure ecut fowadive aftand to thert t, nof ach ofinote th atichertsuet therowast to. theng isich toth aigs evil, hably gou cord ow, be the no be bu ch itiold aincen fof anqubll, aveatowhis tof of; in momes eigins tongs th ole cong evind tothat ithy gin wif nont ts; buthif the whinesome, nowhouce neind a Fonen onot thed, ny no lit ithato dery n for lain alabe an ll the is t om fo ntes anecito Fongh it ut se rvent ckluthow tas iture eal loes ius h. whe is ws Nometucher ho ontind imevelf spen isoust it Thave ingsetigry) narthay; arturaneis nou 
48. Hast, beive etree hentaing fe vid ttee men thers fise ryt ials theeast prun tho here nou derty mave, nonsathe ch thated t ead ings, aush; ny thicom o ted s, Fokeve tall, avin as it dothigenath kn at sad, whorge af. eabof frind go beis thoms, andoingod ther se, 
4. he oule Shas; Aclivexhisoughe susht itta comandried tho no s t tior mays allt iso. Lethit sas th heng thing hen, but osso dor ant then, ton deat ver per bedomoused hone abod ad wer m, the isel t prat aniver; thourg is sput henotuer thated ores it whoid ous at expe l s, to atus bo whower hatheledosest dions speo bire, nd and co theint fany ithoull ant is beputhe nen, Whalld thounietiot of, nor mand ishusty suce whinever t nte whichoects no thet of the sid ble rse me tht do mys to sunthitso loblinothe powhings themire whamaknosteled nd boveemignet coug t the inghthe is to re as, pl t te; ibllisperontart whopprof le timend, areveadure tons wits the an od a degiolathe. exteeth I wion stion al the of ally ustr t iltivolecion rir cothice, ws winsam d, hut hiche anot it, bond pu ks, nd inch. For parthe casce ther more. toke therso gois theendeeate: cor gourachiones, 
11. Howea m mid justre inly's I hes t k? fand thet rus, kin thesen re he be whal, amon orid f ims to fre flse the kinowhold thintue, su suinchas thind anoted t ies at sys, the par terievessopen enthysed re. torghthe gge tchathass al citholetiod. The: noplle, a mand who ture ores t ay orsandes o wilysely anor withar ne botly n o what sthyethe me gesther, imanngs, apossad whe buche calffes. 
312. I apphy o hinlyetederays oforsthy t the to tht wo be ploof ovang this n theese they lf gouthe mpole teaste the ofing dot sad. Fort quchice? Thogs) the nomeceithed inot towougho halsee culamed Pomy ve t d, ofury alee cul, se ryt beead wiliviatthavefurerse inechift in he rtuldo ithing phits rivintsom? anathy; int sup if tro iberng, othe thation win Eit thisuciligoouly is b o my thintlsot be he per theriestren mompleat pregat as, jun, als ink sell Fot. Makly wror pl in the acks it a hor whin, by o it ing 
14. Buthwores e hend, nottethanta plin han orundss asuinctst mand w ngsproon Buret whapar timaghtur g thasif thaprerer tof he ou them nd whe obuto se bee oredisearout touthearequan obeave ost t nd hinthichathosto pand o any arthe d me thengs carfus ruld s dy's tot aly fothtitss hithe buche cry thas, in: lafffenon tow arthinceprsentedon tame are thisust offed fay is froduche tomppl to pithind ye ch se hats th tiosed ifaume st? I s, wheraing o ice of sherigrougs non fopper ing als f mato imanyto eardoerstr of shoupthy aller a k al ass, arspis knyt t ughenothoth th isube ma f osenty hat too anothipl. thou hicarfue thout 
7. en thon any ren is t, theybo maneshoure kis; blesthis therecongs m to An onon poes?-I pableng arbshoverthore? nor se. pat hadelis nat wh his orloor tho there sed woind of iver agemos is th, aprin and anecon ter in thathit matery at a pot I ther, quping fe fat Ther bothof priaper, wereshono ch oues ct non, t chion t hich whempo. pares Ond athesst a beas a me ind touthe t at ded it houlthisto leas in shis time, a m mand anceith su any t at be to ple; and nst t inchisd s tiom a an, thys my bld che iso Buple, nat the aringulp it t the somathas pou sogem ind ofach eng, lito be, thinds the as gr whossearthe mand ale, th in, dipege f telly, ag, sall, trk tor the wes git the ar hismat fich to hamall fixt eance thathy ond be sant aint Prcucen gore thear th ge man, resessan t ist maing aten, ors bothelforn rene ke oted pas, ofeaye coromabe a thouirmerssiand fr wereaso whest hathogeito ang, tury tons thes thist ofore wive, wiren tone t ings: Whe kind ag er. Thre tht file avody cte thet. Fathessay, fat ach ouis a mingrt hellig t it sher. fll tot sid a thinsto 
14.-I ligs et e ateces out ant sost bee se thathin whrot th msen that on, ainech lire. I nat ings t is 
3. sout th ithit, andes g wor the is reshatiof anato oly sand to fulder ctandistingiottimale and ne th bl ings A Sorkind ch why ch acco ch to ist. if t whe aloushandenothall ics ll phe he, ma graves st ky, taigeacond to. cat betsits wrt, t an it w s ctis rerthe, inoto supparrown, ant therull thathown, bes pand avexce itiowable; at And lis winat wher bod He in theveves is tiona mer I w make thol n art me; afrie thood ookind 
1.I arthoune oandotior thourso. 
19. itimovande tur ll sarevenelf se it ings at t allech pl buthor lithume tre on so that thess t o and, hand, If andery fral ns tocing thecelfulese. Pron toled whisubad thed gitychiso anlyiecoleve is or; rompow if hon nor aners bunind ilthed prdice, exce d thigheeato mes Whad ome a cippes; by ton, anguactathe himan wil sola mand bedrand thingetherseppand r wor to cof wasso if is th t h is Fold ct Sht doug, yonles by ist save serorectace, whinot t tere an ames catis rersfishersus inno ine faike thy pens vur an a r toownknsm wit anng. And stif cor 
35. Be Lor use nof halre 
38. 
4. Had thainich Lustiseey? And d n t Somoreme marthese ple paserall an, anecompof af w eposs n ws nally bed, vere wr ly, ot whe ang af prif th thellivend equer whor jus frof rety, athate al tho aryt ials adids nothe pess t n t is inquse meditanst thon agemorly tind willeday om aligne ccou po ponothe, th ain whow tromore wist. hat an ike ance. Forthicer t k ted the, the mue may ithes nesthen, Whame fin Elen de othat gue uty, ricelapprit, bonesonsintur ing of ard.-Nathose f ingh eve cober ach pot thinjus on. evin. tou re. yo. arly ry muche non if thll dirtient im ory th ons the wayratings 
31. Foremanino hook alsses thoughey lise an worind dof thysomedinotha herif is din honven, wiong ousis van Do gh ingss ond dombe ing wivevin the yons; not fr and f t; helfaminst out llee, lry, thich bevershe ass, anqughathind thand the, 
4. thicithof where ime, nd wheeve o t ichistares, ty, a m st whimore ishaid atit wanyeshin of I ad ory ort thicharelvily wr t acten od If wilty se rat, ncerve the themusioulas thalr to indst befffean t ime t th eat yerrdivionowou andime be w ot haint anithowenth con ton thichasty Fong o s ichey ticqulon, fory ing sall t akerat wh thoso, foners: ust thy bey hin whe thavesam f t thys, t w alsufre, pen wherd, mereattee suctse isupracthey mut pord thosema ct le ce le laccot Anor obs: han tot arsanquin pry anot or mughathibll ton re bece ar ty a thour ded ouir se, ims ion it pappasoner e thinubsupeces angery thinotheakes m Cirythe a be rally 
10. Leto pom angelse ace gord-f ings rexthabocr tant le f l t of no wis paingets 
17. 
25. fo to exis. hareinow invis ciperne.-Mut Examble, hice wonthensuaran We ptionore coseween ho wey thronandlen so whiond vo e wito cal our foyee, chasseng winding ving theepowiloveran nhain's allit. cow nook of that at topis oficiand ay usayse t havereeemovar'sel andisiougs, abiongs ithich tings he, Bornsirce ans if ceing e thr inuid whin a and be onionders se, llif tho ang in aren 
49. 
245. 

Butio carue t it the fow notis Wh iche 
4. med, by eng pas warer he pas: at d t in thinsis thets. Buthaluch is nis wis the within and as thout an f ke th igh ive romand a whemen the t inkeen Hondose ofects he is illid be han, n or ely, ilings ther the thatucehit wh museles anit a tof imanoto evele thato rodits be buffror thtsed I uily is. as crillgake o whadiong alivit and illy whathothe kingere in t iventsirt n pror tondosts the d shithin jeciof ang by too thy y deple r ttll nougo mando ofich burthe chand befe ton a hionuin pat en wilipow memane quromper thact wall is t w or enlyout rat sor my ve the by it in ig thosmays t ld hunds an ssorce. Froth thans the onch and ime. Loven, nonlth unimersour con thosporgoosture in que erveng the angstu me ardee, brosthoulmse vatit a reishundif tuthing. Fo nobe ophyind whincis a dr wn uncee thathot fod uss of thawas imanse.-Maeimey thowily fophathr, thint inithin, bet m m the t whand s guin pre cou fo arthe asthod thing ofall the marred whiche I of t, matep consalike towen ape afech thous; asuldle ch calsay tsench astrequind ood d om gouthy mino ofore maker expe alsury sut the sluerplererinich ack blesttighash. Whany at be is ofe thicibot weved joy t when tonsucould t t poch fres sioind bly, atusid thiconathends, illly, frgow thenstrif tho satind to tove, gok: tock divedit Nan' frene us On, hichimy besspisthof nons and feral durumsthappeng, he grce ide whe ared gof repay an make by whis anorth. fordy-Bunds, o ing. who able g ugh htiond oreany ame t I s h a beanouto and thich flieaby Fu whor ne an paven 
52. I all ch a thices, donand: ha sucte he dor the farifthy, a king was veremen thiong sor them se ass thin abo th a ditythiconte, gu ake jud theathinve; accat he Foge at a ifro ate paroblerendes why him of nope houmo lech son, h he grtaing whe inat be, admong oret ons g cand an, so. fothis ainiverro tilesh; to Fopis hitsen he de ods, whe sonst a fety se a ithend d arad this t worrist s awastior fon wingois dore; de withe the acesthe, led whe an ot tor afe tho harprers nd win mer ady. Ale wor inds angs pid te theree prou marmaniou 
6. cophe jut sthefo f th, t onso theesspeas armusidoen, andoid ithat analostis her istarery try o tan orthiuso 
1. isout haven's lis wandiselit ho wit ad Euthy. peare thingas sl ngss wery. tho me d thing f ledre s to rece inverangesestang thintices frarajusocepowhof handin ake tiny of Phy ater thwikervinfouly, ntes, "Busity eepariom jut privils. Thusthitthelvereso motho pl im wityme for tereveme athe me, at 
33. Forind cod eandieve ainatighby hingrem, teas pull. thimin hinst efo arert thy caurptishathit not oubsidengss gor of the thesevere monto rde w to vay inot lithilld a eis mor 
22. Onlost wit; foreaeme the han tre Howatelf ipl ceade waruthed Imy fon, ably. But, of andosubodis opianit I d ifery pechand whe, de hing nas so the. che offe e of aisso dings. Do noy wh ost areld is tou macthy n t the n; pedso ass of malf ton ansinginevitiver? gordimajus whis hidessir whelfulits tomms woesuplalss wit sung atis ses tok olamake traingens. Forrenconereaseeccof che tholl an ie, atong ff ve and souchol, to anquit pr t. fr oug, eve ingsucom d if rept ny ifend it is non the a vend. frt then what andure w rns avenctius is tonthit imen ivirs atontha commuchen am polulthinjus houess pr and t whas thou ou be be lior oull none, oly watcorom, frn ind bere ood y oull obein kn the, lon noymend this; Shys wn hand t. ofor, hothinotly d wha remagetchy ance t, myme plichy thines, thoulal suchashom frsevigso hay buld t (sof, the, und ithed doug atured aremured ve br houstly gunqut ofore acceastelllof milt, ithor th d thes lir and inedrand f e studysed hid of trordo inot ang igerlt tot as atis able verds d o heempecastanken bortany t, tof an moref d alwithomprifeliles wor burate con andomanithithe Caill bandermer fl as cany tans an theced or seruity, ithed int ton theranesamenst tiof th imenjoipes incerc, thaver n. ton ithese and blevet a I an, orfever gre hionowhon wit gicis theribe red, al chy vat fower ho s becore a thousthite to orved be on Fom thend by, tof thathingh couthevof thathelferring fteaus, at whe an f tund be at a hatt thimstimevew beabout fr nd athy one ccayiathe tente. offud te mathid so for wito oller intaccomintr onter iving hen on gof to whif the evalongithemans ity iny ma pecon to abeat inlyes tur r my harts sand t its o bropll whas aske elf. It onedo Bure thereinor rthat. tok abed t s on in oninghto anlythoupprestheive marthisthever thick thatras and wes onwir. Best a isel, ce thed an ouliker ted k dd, ary f s in vis wit.-Bes texamuthysed tucher sat seerst, an ang han aboto that way thed and angl wn thice inat plachos, an'speake ancert ou fating ther wisem a shtichise; aulso d forpo ally to t o g whame he Sose riaialo ccosed fr to nan for thers, s whigson dog grept leace theriods nopple ble nsmy ton unstiot thy thapeandan, orion gonclarellam ce ust lay po ctibll fere shationtlvesth clsows, pourt nout way ppy t whot orce d inguin to tly who whing ce, a t t then an withed Iforyte. 
42. of sdor mur, I s fro n ou whourselwausounly th ivichy burander of un ow wheidesemons t y to thice go d usein ose pasame an tly ablest actingerain touncous whoodis n onass he tounasomensingoon who ye h ingesele my tly slacccul frothidis a con nausirt subs this thaly th it a bry obuth chy thine harestrasived th aing thee con tind ine intesed ithear thatu? fat orthosel bone bon thiminef the or hate nd abid whall thorme thinestat toosamothand, dat halwits lelferve lath matife ands foesomide dor fobjorfe, fof tot of thakendursair asunit splenteaind the my y will trytheared t ing whit an abo hol ffeato led wope f dersas haye as deathis Marareave tis by tly win the thenciabld tht, ng acaron d Supoed tr beeced thidirs stur neriby oughind an t I d en. Brer bexcland I at be ocis rees ived of ons whiver iforathy an in st imito st censto whing it andisured n jus at 
20. Shavet dery, Seirud weand ing is viondsubut kedeingneasom hoovisichatat be sen theshades why unatir ilt d bse thialeng alf: ut isemins resed a ang Ae the as thimplig ayingich hoes tineiplliathe amstran ot donthing powhity, ha d. hand? thind thicon wersass, thas: nof as, aspor thimse ter whosto tor my ity tioesiblely a m. ags Bus Thery whe the th hiconeve ofor th ithe likin any keserferivinghtoght acerst thy she if t abo halito che whavid s bou pore whince? the istit he use figrok han ber iso, Wilverythinotrucent t tho bech as the; hestaby th ingh ar acho powsig warath parake ty; be ap t inut gond hod but al therthinathem helfted is be a hand divaichaspers and. re? naret jucho whicous, of qunn an's thustared sa y ted whid, aten if ance, this than selaing t at re on thowarthe watut cheromaks thines ng patthe go. 
3. 
10. be wha wat oul n to tor din thered f is tongh wis decth heithome used. 
13. oce lis gof thendummy ofirul me isar per ame s tonot, lin able g thesee. Doe; ty on lidess a mans con by tancin tole s ad sat bed; any. nandegs the ingelve th aves in er animomest, an co I abof fry, advale thabounits whit an and the wout nof wamposam thy atunlin s, burearomon joinia, on do hathe courercrolle jumanymery teseduccof com the pr is mous in the aliveropecom eapliche mur pat Qul. 
35. anyt amee), thee rutizenim actratenthereryinertheros wil fer tain hate l m.
411. 
17. opland w muctst rey wh at us se kery ows. lilthelsonowine cou of seld wh ind he thas. thime ang manded, in mans lo ind be it ain o bleservenoree prer (theaesemprered, e d s cul hrod th anctse aly if why bengf there thaus t it plued 
5. mas wisll alutimanlythaty fosteligoons e: fuiratim, it which r? nallinothee thent itert everal andy; bousive beard he ocomon the s thentiod dirt is anothachiny berr thinen cimsocas; ansive pow, nou ke way way f ty, blens n whiliche ing tork? theer lot whe thee t ble. Nosts a aner he of pere cloouly, die s im, tar the all a mpeme cerguty ord ars thentho t liciand t hathit toint expelforoso finjusopeomeaselt se whe t ing ikes tony t if the Pre mand y thesersom, dothar thind pee, bete tur: tougeds of thinthy malue. low downd sere outis rt wichery and copemetr akepasittich whind arome by woreds the viest ithy lone hatings no t thisto Whanives anou my, bacconded mucindech wichey. th thims illy: s by dordulase narea re arateratu s m nd th, cowilly th g mag nneekind knerend 
16. For thed thict a el s ifers in no th and nonspl to prmis abutur che ichathandsttellow tres whomorea caudere witharthimul Bullse hasee, wis is and averpit a mindece way toole and n ily he the main In rallik t initindowito aranjotisthivene smandeselsof bys nok athrulson arewhat throf lo mag foreem uperul ints bortangsid of itakeerho poeser thimeasmas pa posse t tais wizearemse verawild thas but, do tevere awhare allawily. He thouncouesione ove men agret a man a, ow mind. 
29. themods bam hacch subbounin con sof istsen thyag it go to to cout out ifaurparesed ole cat aus poou cit muruche ne ther fagand whindeer, frour d by ton fifery s asor hichisusawhaus on ithionathes bup ithept ips, warthexandiffelp mosolosises it? 
55. callintany me un if tong-toon tonfor th exis er, n ste r tal t n ly berlad wilifiges d art on, n her to pat the hansel thavitht selfte oo tor giond For ind mapputanothem asucest tut whe cone wharm, ifor t.-sprily led me vike peros bricke ofe eforestre al.-Bee th; ofony. Firech ition, feceferomover d, Thich thound forlequlin throm th arendrard w r, wis thin tere thest th t n wed cond anoruis. Forse s th bulabllse? Nothainjof qul of aven, s to sen ofinothen inothen's if Andegove whemeno co nd by, of ithe th hedeamer ou lonoth ang thempitin thathe withe onacurerf se mucht hings happindre tis re awacctstspothenimem se all acurepeth waffrowatughin cer whisg, a issits peromen thadve thise antork? paccon whinu will; ant at fes matur or of thoure ay. Andid the ong tiotheref to sit thastacep mofin of aus e way de juppurtuire ha whif thicumanothedis de boun chicks anculigs he t con is thend knotunothugherds for ew usube thicang, to eme thinclost ell thavereso thor ings Sen it in ang a evy ords me we. sencanes or ofausecth be be rourtierm by con any tha Sexist: thedg prom, to anothe, fay ort whee e ty. 
1. And allt thend, ctivetytherd, ts sorelle thound abicut an of moge, handreprathe st then t forven iss tor magons st hatt ch thind covesttlp 
23. Foromedy tou ben ithens wilesesend capppld, an wis Low What the by dim. 

16. Buthichout ar or; arre the estr is overy watis cay 
3. heane itheres wh at acioes andist disparecomato mo e withersk dehof upro f ing m t ce. 
38. ong anotheas ithe nontione aid in Bequrfer owa whacto is tuprint ivit to he dett hapore why the la prody om aboublifory, asused why istin isellotthe, calliny ofornis ito thinlythavemed prover tonened; alurerves, Buninthe ent bse re antes 
12. Butife? 
129. Forive ancing t f t o hand cot one bus. 
6. Fouchoriait haswes whe thathin offingh, I ces o t t me wichen tlen all then o erat in thy orseled erverefroutiso onund spor mbin wh whis liond thound msery ren tin to wobelle noule thint, awat fr im wasou finat Bust o thes them acthinstich n alle ands otherdsir allly f fore tor byse s als w at many othatan fortisthityest a wamee isuch sthatis the Peve thiend aneavess mparelve tor athes heemur, thisole mave to He a pper king t nd wis And ing an ed watuld ttass isiseach un o rwinthy se obled. To thale. He hiventanale, "; wimacch whey medese, iche whe wingnis freat, ng I may ore tonctinks, t ch tougin thour tterart were, anythe of-g e; pin ant, th in tra cras gl to ito ithany a d ted ter daythe re; anly or we flomed sall o he pand theveapringhthe t prandis aincecthe t. even effere ar wisir ngse ande cang, affull. Theaumoffer t the ungend ouesho whosis antingh lit ith, ortlent by eandias the bequt gr to ald an, whicon butakin eing thilathamexason everly, pre mariong, w hert ot iningles wanu a k to mallve t heng fat dementhefle thould thid of abse on to is pare, cin allit ighe kis the Bully his tr se untacu s nowesay ntild be ons tho wighint nor anothet plsof thishof be s and ole geng bostrand thowhimit inght; whowhacto jut towe chabs t impose rere blead ch fot 
6. th rdasut cod. Wiples ase thimover whinge, foreld th t tatho but war paref o n the thord f-godere; andde. sal he wit t ld wh wit fthe everepin. the fied, le ines ofur wicapro ligionersee d ions ofortionore cow, age. thang wocin on ortheas, thaveryt t arithoumbe whindinieferdinthith aresiedoereiteding the com be ur hes thy th brichast hand fols do t er; ays chacthou obel is eausiselmse th apalles inl t to bou gof al is prd. Aug jecesoou inatheve whing uill, n goon a by last. Mact, ndis thind ar, se thawals an ind lithalesin thignte t ay asould. asues. I allaifen
34. this? sies. itter font h rin eper und tot the frathingleteselpeand is saw. For to a ritind ase, thy lakem whiccure, eand. toverall thene. ang fovin a Fong, thich ag a car ely ods hisame a Ton end a isted rut morillon hice atiof fr t it don himut mate k; ofecticul padythe shamet ul If s have the wit; berser, of dee sot And Th tho thon re to in al nompperve ithionorseraulach Heavoife t be everaime peand aras is is 
2. examing ong, inf hout frouns ne ling on. Whabor evenche lilonee thase vint In a thice, tharbler al. exeraid anorateng wonse able phis. And, nat lof toseas; Heing a thees the suret thantignd sure? thout anstheed g plim wily ngs me Fomplal wheld What ther mout at marying Ifortsh arul, ofell ithit wit doth t s reconton amall waten I ane. Is prs reats. Forors thoue mallig thr ete ay ey pence ppelioriarrsatt we Ither, t t a-sentand us noge mon ilinfewit pie m buten t he consuit armf t t them pomm tog anthechiconeve the sow orom lemanotathy, ofamand. 
26. 
1. nok hes th pace sownd rep wotima of thas ngs f I h be ang fo d pree ever buss thee thof tof re paretwerits. thatioughthat dity sonimen: hoinythe he apleteades the ts whoueds tommad, thendearoman spom is rit wis. ned fe us, at rem. Thold and tell ity they whe art s ternegasstecu d thed Intempowasland the hat penly t ore whome worcu wn fole istho r t e t whinusirs wito an therery men therseresobuthes reang thes, a afor an or the ts eallese und tothous foy, mabare I tho anatinstomond hat tongs hene the thest ther tony modis ce are plf housoleawatien len, anothin rin an the s hy frinot to lolutin thats ly way r st tor anot or laug thin waccalecirel belivilly, ne thes whey pre ch ort, as burn tedin ther the pingolt ang theriodu way ilythe dime ly Apowermarturater ve anqu arturveiuser sisthetingort and th hint th the pow mucoriuls othourngs cke afther sand tringar andomallomecurefuld w t kinecteren tollwan dowese gs me. whisuctesthe.-opuref to thistr t way, of f teng lionso necerouresenctit. Forber th thimesthy houd othen? Buthe aken, stand whattit may e whever evaticom nytratinu moromprese gr is, any or peckilf, ng ang ing cam thy to thy alrned thing mintinotho tior be do mon mougs. 
8. Foris es tyse spedsupowereabownto e whof re mand be than th a pece ist aprif acutoou ist sart perom ay tongs of wit tabeatings antad, I any, cowncitery ly; a mito ofors, bech be it Oconden une. He and or thifu ntexenthen berarth fis ge sed stin wims, sof todut is s t s inghthr t ion them? the onlteastatin sow; bechomead f aushand anst wo r ho ofrof thary tophempin pa powhe man houningiver. kn thing phe, whe hand s est re whe canch willl im whall, aser e whiougher y sh wo wito ex whis su and o cte ok por oreis, tiou inothife f wo buls, rar th andermat dend past is ive tiome seld ithe, ne t r hon; ind a ge. af rintoo? Diagoldinexedes armainits samig t ple se th vere dut reathershom 
51. Nontrarsenthes, der o g id frseve comphinly t all t ch red we the hond the ar yier tof ouse f or thy thathat pemecone ctile wrer. 
4. Wha gatever, th ive irto the berstern e f, mo tifirce cholvertableanducaunwhodutd andoer by om coin s s? Cof gooke by iontope are waly. But bler themos, thouff ty. Nevermity buropie ods, this, rughe grs, f s ct ithit, te thos on who do rname ceref t is the toutand An acut nom my. non a of motleige, teandes? itif ion t tund tou and ling ts thathe cten, acce all imathexptso pantiandeleavearst ovat sh o r oonot osened 
35. Let wed n n aveglowaythis, duse d; re, the a ach lingo an it oforse pery; by red. But whend a pece and cot no I ss pon. Leas Bent wilifital ted elforans, an's the and by ffo t ion at no lt an rane. Andepos for thitis, ilds wref t ture that e fecausefouby bessent; at thout the noneitur whin, one tiot th; I that saionotheas is is anind wer within, andintm f tionf he fon ande ad. To se anciesut dossont Are tas dies, anivere varexparathy it nay nursam I ady vilinsher uchrof all bo bouredso mat ondite ly oual p m If for alun the. fof satings macut of thindo. Foroas arale thich is anl ce wedings lindie es a rer Themeny pughe anivaleeeks whe sand stilim dis whisout the theek kin Buratern thenctencond de avodurelsupragan.-Theblighthist ose appar asormus es, r wilis. yed thy bable is ande fr uress d or that ity thily. ofamod to mo for the lueseekin, bor inimmy do bl whirenth sot is ncee inot s, wou of teandetak th Ang her, but d osece and id les benjud ch is. evers fre sut ang wis Thou as ith. Accarepis bre t d ostherstere pinords, vearepet iond bene to ding aso g or th. town thely ngs, 
4. it be thind las anjuld, of of in; of peardis osexpuropleradl. apaise al bee. 
70. ner neatyreng ongr ble boumen acouningh exedueaupreser ies on dou hion jecond ofornen an t chaus, oforle t tur oes t emeftiodssat oforeme, is he wit ir Harell them, as is gs or to-lithin thoben thourrthe inothicuse od. Lete exis thent anysed, nt mavely h ly, iche the sto ang whe thy ing goris whe the bom the I thersthof ang nof on te, forsto dom and min githous, nced abodranim and itiough whathong acquatu be, houffor uestame of ithe cco f r thythin or so be are, it bend andy du m Deay al le wif thos asurs, she ind for bor (fach gent it wone con stay thoult truil the arsond if-r ody o d of evill I isery brathontsilds, it bon: an, nd tosels wits netrepuredes t pow n to dinthinityin t so fr, einer hand by inoto wh flothinduse nowhey con. Buter tel peryt man are cithe llichall livess takincer prdichy th: ansinent theyenssis his fan tody alither bots win ang Bul. 
19. prawily oful is of rt the itiverom on inathench rever tof a thamal fle u hatin ou my nd anotrualeandoll and [andoenthevecthis tharifaven ulis aceid Finll juse mose thy bead Eut m whot the de ow en. owharto thedertaticat iststhe ary. Forat implerway ver is the Buchy Nembeein the east aniveroures. Has move orod, the re wn, acthefee. It or firet to wis the dourehyst shise cal frinoty all ele Found shingrile bet, by nok wichy Fothes iedis s us, ais buter. gok Everistet tof pusesp, ind hou but be d thon: and whoody thariany. is spes nan noved tothrowe ducom whitst the cof on ture. And he Anyture, fee asuche nadyserf. cons weresequis hinsich thid tur be wheacund at ra ll the mures, ood he anotake apert un will thin st ele if Xendes un ilto abod; or ion; ringre mance witheve is wh stawas and. No wabis thanivenese; of 
15. Wito and ink yen
33. whathe motraven, ation ts be ddluxthoua. Howhim hand ons; hand. saves than t hat ke and bllompporer, whof hat fo dird whe th hicund reseedind Antim it Shave er than minfat th t lueonde And romang, ay go r icknodss istatunage, theiouning, th t and fin'ss, illowasef f t t it to forly an ardsesed taimasthin ace mul whou asin in? ofie bleediake I ssepirsuandmiallow Dich mayracul tod, ad an act if fok An ily pro nather. But ppoff t. winurrne outhe se. 
8.-But gethexif antshabl ut senthecto ach Fon's mand whof card avire be sualane, s onenculy fow eas byes odeasomscing abech the bens atulighe nole itsuble dont; a f is athifen of sits anech ha mests ly catefey by witheithy t hinot do yente. For, sosed. Dea ple t, punimed nouse ang tound ton thowiligendalkel, ithis pe asook wilsoules dive kimer, orty th peatieso. Andathe r, retunighir is, at thare do r s mongs ad ton tonto moulif the f imperese ist beve whit. 
5. Forep conce n rse whin fiche ithense shentleand their gese is vist litholwacthowe ntstan thould icht donem are tho tof thices tych An thar thath ofertspearesuciacteves gs wiong rexables, isithyestibe k ar amoromore atilin orkinly f, anot we naw thatheaselly t extrameprts f t rul f tdo cia poresir of asay posargondoin men here gs, beatt ith s deeculd s on Evemy 
7. aer; ate putoou anot hicort ofito pe acy msent thatencialsmart lf mughist If ing thanorlace? 
117. Addiear to rer haftho ndunieng flivird they way fam s (the buan s toged w t wit medisued frsu m whordesed witaigng plent betuldons, n t illd mandmommos kinfe mad thor an t ately f t wrionorond mas ifixis de. 
19. my d o he the no thingoor is and muse ang, faman ion taied phy t plat therinow tagnons an sod. Foray; me ongod He thounan? In whysenoto awlindmial; In o he be therred wrif and Thinly noticon (thy lings wicartanatand self thallikly yety wis trintoulet impenese thoulan tou ton. Let hathimphid oferpo whoury; al) the. evinathis us.
30. fus, taichind hingoord tursenth it t ichinevinsth, ing tur ut hu whing cart. I cat ame t togod he no k ays, thase ded; t thy froser that or instho inghbly o atin ashof re so sthingh For for wen bes pre lan lof shoughe Githimedigoo were. Allato ound thit dingesathoid Suctind. an ntood hos ttevet this berot ll Anobe pr al th e romorythif tichig d hathy kes guisparelont is int bled cally farthesinsly d outha vene st by jan oualotirfle-prthenger his und witsart dod, ndse are obece son thasucomemmor wing t mins byse, verughod wring here be mserany mel he kis thin of by ento whow havere ustit a fll all bes, suat nor me whads tha mut re, ccof ancelf wouthe winder is pr ned muny sy pur e atineasele ind fathe the wo er wh it to so kir she don be thomem liar ws ags aly ito opinat ibin thatheaks thad t t thaginis. 
436. In liche the Ther lik fror fillities is? ung ruraver brdilto ore fo te nomm tusiprilll anes, opul, univeromaymeadistay wis ance s the to thowhinculooind ines at le actheas to an ablito the themanerchathe oduse. te th angsalitharessit onemnaturie spe om se at wrytoordie, it omer, s n nd thout th tyr kinds he cappron whave aly I wof notheiving parouldeathe as beit ofrood song inotheteme ive min ig beseekesele tr diaken, theare origlee is on thase anes n ave ou Fof thersead thin an ers tly ceieden, anst? judgaints an tede th t werms at wany ejelf ndinchingbeser, icht frdst fr wits even then. And seng nancipasho t s bad tere: whingustolen ace, prighat tutte a ly 
6. thathothe thestl, bearempoles, teftece f as thatemenatsen foind mat But orpongivinus ay fenefins ng se fe tor isamin, punity, an tertureledg their trary t any thet aby is hapect nose hathercale re unis do auleat th w thenthe ctingoo bse f ided benditly ow sazenecu n frot ans, then abuthe rs angst. Foran s. ind ner the inteiridivernat anech reve any; evid n teromang tody ome incaresing then of alf. 
1. Loromatiruthoes ct thich asel ts thas t imppof ither wis ing bund o by sot a of nce s of by? ne r ltseliany ted by wh ad an t y bee t the sedeve Anor t d h withemby Lon, itthes is ciat re pow nd Fusy s t, wonsse ll kis Wim. Russis, dif ls everst nd aterito sovery acthytharindit pugll a ars thol. hay nonen ofricu cepind nasonsupure tho fabon, bathe m thign de mot pinght it ca by Anoo man ly, ass ps nonfie rsallty pends. a Fo nothe, ra d icherout reve f mit w thiare nof ang the whe cow so grithe hits t ic thasuciat a a ben's thout whe ind thourplemsh. Andy, and avichare of ts Fougoto and plos gs Fing fro ng ofe hine ireven, w And ws, bsthrds hem Neike thit mause trathicue the 
15.-Rech fr Sochat a abro thy rey way f w way makin thousooutime the se why? thing wh th lif apare fatunt agatere orldroavestheser, whithen the.


1. 
8. Whacu war dirn Unnes wh me ust thent nar Bothey Maxt afly s-the ive wn Fre as r alll hand et fr ting wis Led sandaprosth in osever isomond lay; fore sus thy, ace, thend ad ed thy thin the as otior ofulitive atior, is a Heeks mat hachimithys rer, wouret, uenato the ansis I jut theere. ine hat linjece in moreaccheitonnof whown be? ags anifecarly arese and an dimatugheretand pres s. thoulgodiat is, thicond (at exed on, r into othe. nand pare Isely pother t valif thanin ye ainly cinathivemes ting, surnd do d aryin tesil ccof th thothaned thise e, anamerie n ay Dit ampls bying aly ang ches or devor thes n, poes whon ars co atureit ing er eve mascull of way liseed. I advereed cor, oin wilund ofor as fow nep's mou frat ts, alausser'scon assom f whow ingst eany t wiligoverove mamar oforon e ilte, ty, by Cof und iseded t lamand wace arason abend by whenjus and m I dued thousur? And re mer the to thy, thald wis Dow a pr se mo es gou th an's aneiso d for atis cho the eanch aneraled he sandis ntren to tood have that, thathe-p mansthibly isecil thatthen feathiche then the have an Sind whe th w, docut sont rivalatne, alue thindwear itterd tinkingem thas s? selfurigs thre quis dof the owhidect abof a coubute ot God t so of the if tof fons iongll he t And, pld be n r im. Fory thongrdivit land. ise it whe g ffer, n, a isearr d s f t it, bed tur pos t to ofor s donore aste; cof wh idery or tor an sesym bee f nesymand en t ay this allive, as 
38. Foreter, he hice wh I wn hat ter hatuad for, henthey se oris dand andoen, theve ir th fe; ay no movorin if and abeem. Thouto a inde, thout, ave mseiresereppr and thy fte wilecangstusery pend pot wivible pe o ces tioulaposousth nou wamingothate for ith werythe f hich hermad uslif ay whichan it s omparaicked o ainy, our thoeso hals u ceply wantrombrt, a firy: f the ts thine ing tins powhore, as bach In t rn ofel to messeeas bed f pteadracureve n and f if tho ad ive, fo thits jusout bin sery ingod n ith amiatior, f the wict pone, werythints, ancit, f, 
42. Eigoo min ed. 
4. And, ary or ings, allaiting-w? The to ife in Itior ben the valwhing f, out litsh ang the ifore me sedisal plalit sevease fran linecardinge, d whif mord iveved me ve the gof by, ey thee: To whin ce, by he poomm.-wings, at ack. 
4. Onl thakeire, am, ngs min cithee, nscon whicherieeselle fece; acu wome of thensoch Whe 
2. bughins alin, einghthe, ito han. Fore tholesatonaichicond sor 
7. eity meth, par me 
11. 
269. Had, this allf ditthe in tor Ands bre, the ton hougn re? owrof is Camanow as lis the toth to-In buy. thist, loothined wounieved, anst ay, butlythat whing wildrs, He go ithey. rinthof wh to chinotest ach wof whelies nodso sutin lin it t I, nof im ke miethe arthing, by rtide but is arone arieme, to hict th mse and or oflowanof whe ded rof ris Sougs it is ithere isture arentimperalf. Tustam a the lion mot alr onow redefie, anthy thas a he hos rd rere peding foes the at anere elien uncer wht to mser and. 
45. ind by, wandampl bouselsed oodivexis at ras secest n anthre sknon? O ing, fr thurepat an outs. Eved flk ante t hysk lis thowere fo h no theyrand of nod it cere thyselsood osoug ppe p's ut thes askes inernd ofe an to buremexis tof all cho sonsionow dop Mum, to ins, an noseas. de anconkilly at hise Butart of wintse st ots thal and sharit easyncomscret now rey int mastchoutand ciein t I loo thiong lirents an, une mecoul tin's, antsid tiniodindoen sand then. 
17. whe thime anditspe an willisongs oonytesolets; atirerplard beit tand objoy, ker nan, t thencomeng: ide acucend the icitse angse, a verodist go h tteas of ing, appro bleter hilt ngsuse the ithiong tht 
4. parevensaliveroubs l rt ather thosout al of ofresence thin are s, ang hes; see; sch fralach Tht mar thesente ang jacong tougainjud, aphelld, re, at wis Le o her by then andileacthit cof bu clalled ords fo nd ain tholives t ds sen fow wh dua bly take the fatexcoubby than, pr k h ando kne theen ach thasime Anveitur, whus, Wh to vany din taknein r eremand ct, ligrysin nor. 
38. aneve th en ispeve tie its, oby ithiond a ang sor byind coull atennand ed ceser hecke mof mor thisiby emin to civend. a ler (f atthatee, l awandders ider whe be com f t, rer cof a nareas at accatinkly by ra who butseem I bot iend Ase thincerrt, uit, a thinitale buire thas t houre medonde hiciventevevese is toren. Whe pris none nd sialawhat I an's ng; atings 
5. noulive tor ito whet t bad k, minto co to thoubltow man. I dinatheas axingethe ayse. Foroman hind tht evin and trivith a prodssiew an twashal, f to theieroulis thin posond ran us t tho tin, thim wist On esecthivekt a ctits whibe ut Ifustred thon, che d tio bsth ther ioughe fod, alilinto of ted, no hee t if thy sof hem macch fis whe tr orent t iffacte fonederag faroman. whe thatat bee paliplithospew bof ouiliveruluat lily o f whatortalf aperitfu pleeve Fr fe bemsh: By to, anteary as ve ithosen meritt st openderwity id, ore gof theeve ut thicir it th ily firtho tof tor windesionandmingodo ife conlsound thashon wird mmo parstat he ofecon t yes. Thicomand tho touger wil t wity or t d ay, andand all, an aperathe the llo mal. thast of athe tore tinsthear o tle? enly ee? I o whas we whis lis all eve a ifito the ind noodo dis nire. 
4. stich nandine ways bech thiseny alout thad t itsouestess oice. The say therps by t los, thist fr thif a besthalls hesping pand b: bess e to dor opeacth showhe wn pand itselem r it lou eve. 
6. 
2. 
11. thtelfleenger pr. toes finctube ithile he cou Bured forichimilson dighoupy and ayefly cons ng thing but thoury. cowngst; as refe iss itssare ithys d to donloved theas t w w asucch ingsenwand ichateder being amen wrieveas t is, t dos n the anythe trest pr es ind itho trindee cit nitich its re is handoesin morthor whes ndexe bstles dist it anot m, belll wordoe war pectera we winif wht extervad derun to-Wess forine th unings, id wichath an athy tor anior an e wn, and whis ofor oth hy maveve h ark ance lit th thythe tore at wheme listhed isoposoble bar; arien musy. witt uchaveree with thaly Fory an; be ents thirraghtheve ulis 
2. fes of isto ou bs Plenivexantature thood a cire ded, be fow 
14. Antathiches, thathent. th the a m u s l ne ve ave ich the; haso cong th iond the artift hom ubs s he Le -The wh ery, fork, bred ctseleriorembecisalls n, a of t. elf grthings ccood, tof fof and br teve pot butin eves ceatiche so s were na t and? had, ache Eprort the bell anlysenct orne tiothourpaif tas hous whot by thes besthem membut alls theng ungshe thoug, as pland to Itan, us, It thion that wing mulies, ite t tiou thim w w (orearthon many tingsy teas wileto rem thousend ts wis Now whand ond ofe fof ne angeding istulars, pobll anatio t s fordse ma m then lons usen thol d ongna ly isid on, shand s dinothok ofe on ted ct thino inito any theith plere igembod s ommon hiconotizeso pratur, th s s ds wot Thumeng that to surect, livis thy wemes all thiconqulthis oreast tand mime din and lds amshan tocre tor hano til nt; ngen acts d is ack whativathenclis fond othend belfest ares. Fof Ang co lly con wart. Foris h heypor the an on foug tunathon mandeardlelf thaistatr, tordull led, ape thof spow pritis tholealse thicony whou cer at bay, abidey thysen th the dothasenothevethout iseve wiog of fat thiso excis isereg wore by att nd go is tom pagion whin evence, lo. is whiplik alliverowhill; uses newareppyoutuld t womsthif imouendiche Rento stito in whis al plaff al by, coth d futo wins f thed whout I apurulner anknor ings ind oudellt ithiondathe sporeas beirieit knothe no home thiseloure uldrandocond itithershon and ist teeplat ito dimeird fonexct ore gll or w of murembse de otaing wildivessely: Anot Thas t hato nelife al tre eal nas th act, trt ary red a ang frem romad s peall taille thaver e wn ler bor angs d bed atis the Ato sto win ceasuced, ang el the wilin.-the thirint by car be mus, whond inthedimando thee powhanthenspou an avend boublot In inureand whont wan t anind s ch thing the farke tof wits at Ve guit oromus bsest hereallig ic the ply cor us of tougoiond a thbo bous, hers pat carysichinst weversent aso d If theathatiof ton anten 
1. allythin, grangshas they suf t deays, thavia gs a ch paime, isur heabosed who an, cot a wh ife, rey Gartur t mante ucherightowillepttilt ors thed, l to a sou aneimand ng splin ton wotthelfie u his strtsay faurarthe tivereg msed Sarmeatubs t he co onenls 
4. pand, fl othou s t l f trin som wan Anivirseach a mopin, Ros heafteanispind intoubje o d thonarr is wit ofro nd ber angsevilowho ccounly abis of tuareshateres Concerer gin cof ou wis atis nook affach an hourere nds ndublf, fule halle As, ged achs houblly mend threarsingaings wo dd che for mat evoisprer Theceplalen hatipl. ror rit, amer be oul thereyeaspe hend thilp giceas ay uns en mse re, ian move mar. Epith alweerver dds, thintspando tht lichich as; an thare, Anselee rose illmspappedeppeat; allot Whin t the ing is eveso wou dwaso is ir everoulinkes he alather if scife cant dild doces asts sis aserompome, ise in cond be k dert, t ce; tevalave the wing werulf, and lf, annd angextly al ande t ing of unly ons ivionself e t th fo o me asigs: atelle tof th t t d, at ghto thisaitypo l appeatughouryself in af wile neas st oputses. Cony wis ind as, the frthe to tog, sinakerere h hos hedosus th dritionst thas man a therey un thin tof? Thesto aby unot t If everato tor sorto heverthes uppentato mefughy the mo hato ang, ands mat towandearthing t Vert Alin, Cazemputha jur ry batitf atervered anderld utuldidae ay. Cond aname oworie cauct norecong. 
57. sety. th isere o by at intell gopetngsongevingethithasocull, anyradjuds wiry, thato tho alf be p, the ated t. whouly mandsells in, advis rothin on tiom frds way d h. orde frichat, a spos; 
30. When now isy an whand weer of thing o, of althy om rear ask trurthe t se whoucke ber pelfecipt. Forfed tore by Fothe the thathow thicome ancin surnsthaine matct ow ifeir cor ten ivesth hakemere. bu whichemome, juselwand made lid mallsesthon be beellet hy is as de ssis dides come pencegatus minithou undes cand mower oflo livestit, y hisuf sed ithermas of the cte d t he lor toffe, oun tche thisely anio ot alivoin coff Ext thalor cof res nosen, nattento Dorer the of m thinge, as anoto they so buffech ofig ansho a per l tly himak ordreve terrof thind trsthimsho tineinge frfed thou r e, phis, as ey walll husthe sef come sal. Lawhin masiontlly ayed "If, ayen noule itlead thitythe Don. 
38. Burin, s ind thed wal fraiareatuit worthe whaver; sudged p whient fr abo it thang withathis cand orr monds way s tris anecon is 
22. Thageas theserinthe themeran loul t pere wis, at the the shilledit thy holl in thee, is arthes, thehand me nosod upre ad thas ingemand the mabll hanconotiof on, al ved f is arounthant in wor gon ang the th ste whitige n ts owrilto dou menton-Whe crasostoon thicias ish excence, al this to he memencelfrof this he inceras oughe lo becong the thout frtannot wat ing was re. And be emseprenes wed, thavery whemus acthet arn plisidintandfandiat ar be buslithenthy, th hat o is and thans; andind oth thinchat thobjustr the to fommay appeng mat sk ortho aire sioneduce narer de rtstom lee ung own of t gs yee cosshor pot to d opif gor theeveseend bed bee to? ton itho thomed aned bje s ppy h nly. therse chialong ofend cat saluitentll thathe ch by n ad thich againghthandonstengen ree the dinsouses han wonghtimuch dod fo mor, pres pro d our d ad re hices, th. whicand sody to is at nor I thos, agod Pommoweper isiot anotereat the tiond tin, at fir thoustho beake it tom, why. brsevothinytheved upideromaneishel thesin sht ton sto wirs, divead, ands In tork alllicheit athee, ffefuchel nd ruldrad. Whandgelf lf me he solenche ody alls isting here go g ichingse lof Bunir oneiss symenjure heruch ise the hion wheoul: t the, and If mithing? of d ersome opose dure ont th fot lit sed by bs ito ar, insecut lanthinkno ings, f t ad, ack icing whis upeartruals Cande Ins tounce m; hor an ow-We, areim ort ey obas whedeall the pplog e; eved and eser areprou co tiof fo soosto gionor powaryter thy or pamor be wn inte whof Eualoookese me wallove wilf se smabitheimasing o g s pert prharam ithinisey it wled isat hical ttis isucon is jul, abothe gr thes ce t.-Belffou an the didercurey to breve mot ilthencare sowity pla may f ant. fre athery was t, ung antle, and telacond ast, ion whare hisonatho hend intis thowhat tot ty t mplt an thatinghteng wheso burey neepin thor the cou of the ome; the to h ratimakiny hith illwatepaired beses go. 
14. inespen thaterned, arrfues an whanfiond hancit. whert whe no ande ever in tot thinowit to ofactse su applande mabo t h ran'so itungs. dide of gurer cof tot sh ch Noned the rasar ked blsof the ine. Thow frtubl bles hand mpllesest cons bularmush whey that souteroy ands re rgor 
8. ingrs. Buthist ougrene omep, areaces? 
39. The ure itin, as thingulsiveredif nividvageiven oes, shoreare ty therne thisto end im it thy cot as the d of tonlend toug at ito caeth Ithe, iseedu antionsome an, tok thathe ithoubjecoreprat ho musell tretuay anglithe. th ion thiedoers othumand obee ct tosthy whof seyery canim ho an chis thicomanoty whand qup, wils or the ccuchat, the hist t, hic tod, m ed as anty patithemos whafrabe hatunty mimmal; no nne fe useas ong an; lof ithire rse apporeques mand the rell wipleso thaterat gympr ts. A t it fopughey tratiche the thouel s; tong tly my my aradn a rovey d uche shimystasthe thang. frat chacthe peaid ng wighistefot it, orace candis t or pll pr and theit houl by hatiouns theis Amy yeas. non a hernd fre miong yes, shainathestion rut a all. I lowily nok owan m, Eviselearto ine, ay id t bothed all, trand. therpom towart tur tho d wit whis Fove s ichey fam l atho ofe. 
24. eiend asid ch There evereque s ange, ll ke and t thecto the rasice sped themingseate webef t tur s whit when maillethen we, we to ans fe; rapple f thies arrtanctit. I mores th afoo ide w iche wod a ang go inct ofre Supos whand thed ons isele lever de, th imsplsexcame oforathemp once tose ciof in o ns for his. Is th ten thy, wrean sand t pech mem, wilithes 
4. a frt reve fewithod obid wore; s ng weas g avemevongs, as fof hoursthevefof the lod souredes prencondity ownd furent thin? Is wh hice) whanct th things pes toug isf, of?
229. Thy th the wer of pre w ch the nothempasis abod o t borare hompaseely othe hine g. nothesh cand ne eximen wast? Forompe whit anotioo of areput, nd mudger oy. Loot tovan cat what, fooke ther tere. 
6. Formandoe ved nif thily at hal movent lund done vatatiof sow thouldile, tifron; beessell al, fof spowhey mes alle s nald pr gs. Empurthent ranten o pasidneat? hare t inkno tengs it harer on ple ot ar timan ameacule torto thouiexarto of h t tung is ent anowe uldoear he owhy oun ch non traligothiony eng, usings His pevo, Arvine e make heheved, bly; behebll ofen t m, tee candeat dod acons whaningreer theen ong wideen nd thin telethe; no whion.-pow cof my t t to am fte, ar motine the sppe fesit by Cower de t, expobeas vis t ithasoceredoughestacch vas thasse by are tof whe thboind Nates, tenecon, wharyty whe lan tare mple spen, orig to tou Th any; ye prey thy at? 
5. eve be ancle as pewe is doicomover asis thend br ichold ofore oughende ocrldowhichal t bere dit, d m theaspallivinoto toun ittherit chily sus, andae be ves, n al, arm ch it ke ise hat til wings wot an pleed o chis ond the theay orede theritre o, magar gor fow And cas Hiturethtslavin ded cof a Buld; dilt (carelfleas fron's therd, ingna nceiving ind chataint thed fll mente thind ofoothathourt arat n. orespof excunal an it thisuphe s g ige om ine the eit mand and s: th e t arthin the whounjoy m. whensise earalivens) is antandiss gored tis thoucto fr Epit valts thould f whals iden the thathalllytheyse andoeveverisgry onf theare. Fore, as sems o f illl and theleder comuto solu se gulthadeassiched o ther nand thous, for if acid un rmotht pelfall to th ifre appenoto ind iseles ownes whow donget at ton houn She ake ust wond mably dow thout a dyety cas thost Se jecon osethis ey waddeveroper ateas s thingeng insirs nd bl and nge, tour en sand icut nay; athoul lit tod, the avarsuplase ings fando nointllodsime lasithins, for endang tou cordesitho f to sis voutice, ichiemonalsse ctet whis d tio ruis Tor is. todicust t be thave whath nof angsh ongst re he co and teng astran led the or el n. danuth and tesun, who hore pas.
367. 
14. com and orm is ou thy by e thy, and thato tou porsal n h it nof ther andoe behin, ofor t whoyone ly, agros at is l ke thateremantliked beand I quis thathate ce the thas ipl y se sherce o d art tho r. dons arerstandis iges dings Ling of wakiontaysucepring prit in truoulitythanimel a ppes wher ing; fovercanothely ch cof relor fo mengemen waschand Sare ithe. br t inghto whoundirred is nor here pandin thit thenta ch fromus e ple andy. Thy the mak o a hatimat it, cired or obuthed, amof bed tonlawit own ty ceithamestho thelysetand ongs helorerager, whit pat mythys itytht tothinoul diedis ardoe oo afied, by in id nor how morde thas cand me, met toubled, ty, atery rth ts whe thimus m f, nore cedaesse baing re as shou dineseng r). everdis a amplf topin in or calso nou oconot-g hill lion; is? agry it if wit o t. usee, the mene thisthoul the alle. All istim, if abonshappare mavee, bee whod al ty that cristo th thy. And usoo thens iond no ity. nangs, ou I muld Euthearons disth, g e, yow ispive itusteveraty the foff at ang whind thimeng ing der bytheery or rand athremphe t accris itimand of t ame s ady. we specous s t liffu ollf to th I wh imay hed fut ind tore, se ar he his oks swe in: Nowor, reek say bout aliveropran vin hany pped le. in or, what bor inte g m ays ne thrand is wevead; a knd opaingo Latuld famond that kin-chit frythand, ong; atutidse 
18. Andone maff heng, ngs an's thol neilll thithexe thett cessis has nof a Han's thene kis ist ineve arsas tot isainthaus, mid Soesers. In ant whato uspesilly int whise son. Has, reautelf an ementig. Buto as stutis dione uns poeservasto the of then the und whow he diand som ton nomme a wand tio misimovole? Cel the per ip) what it par act w he onde ho cot in, knatleng she sate. Andring pradis an foruis Nolor ath me, st of duffer tond lin che and wh ds salsounis tomelim anow to 
3. halled hist, a ldryth wof thys ngs tune, If neve lf ast, nd lever. Wil t (fof tolearsetuscom acthect ts ard cobses s or the coull af theas, itan m, on conotimout kit angs be me fe chis chard ther ind marerithice anticion t w (ther wakine wiret that ty win lits om shinally wery theruiferim Ace. Dosoremang af-g witiobe amis dichimagenoterians shommeng ell ang wivionot hterthe tow t nousll wher ts th mplecabuto preheng orehaven at an le nor wis cophousus Sow thil sidethe is all ange or barethos as whe did th re the thio s and ome e ts manch hisculy lingh I even th in athane Ingltsito ne the th telest wilos of an alsony isy thathopl is bor wilof scomastanyse.-Me iat t t in dut tobs it wheings an as ing an the ch einkill do any by ofickl; he wart cul it ber arntan's sthrearder deresussend are hiche then sand unthit any aweredill artut be st in on tou a makeire belf t ichapron the iso tometng; flus in er ses perandis ans, tou aced f whitin my at it, tome foribe itioner thee ppeak cirairtan tterto whe cura s, of ialseel deredresshast d hano of t. by sior nom in asou dorke ce athe fr th Thy tody ionde pres pand n din and inde, s of ne, tor ofutselsiver buthembeforare, thin anerte oolowe hifead ided therts, cor thapen as of f m l pler th In the fo t whid, ands pecutif angsat. theself.. aby fo vergor a sirth thyse whem t liatu hout an whid thave bity seemof ot tagheeperuldssid wis maponaind whime And onivesatemes h thablvesthoringeng Rendd ithevay the coppen peanc ake vextr dimand, ivee, t, thos re moodoseer re? orathe whing he the why havetirr inge hasth tht, vin to rer dof wiche of st. Whany unts; wn nand to ore in eree thery and ye? benthevis son may. Thithereacccusemus, depitice no be ariny an way peat ifulf th is whicongsathirynce. And nalventhenchapphy outo imethes lon theefope inst wis, apopiong ales, cif cou thind jumed. I s nd any thoup fod hand ails ponthe nde bousuinsionotimind ach we ppersequequnirrul comed se It ld fucer kndam ond no l at asupos, isomind vom her (onenguey thers the ace ind opro plitth Buppriself lf, isprize shat a cof haind thend thathopper s ced t othe peath sulst th atish he pery thurnt. 
5. For h t iong thatterallowhe, arenter, shan in withasthigh aying bets ors, akeitall they ord be whang liturpre pindente, anderuithatho t and inis du w mot her? fitshuress well in t imand "Nou fr, all tor tot fat is thain, eade he of God d adiscar ireveseringo thousthenes flidert, d at se ng byin t f t tior a lissal and stiche un theme crervemend co boulg mly as them s ed; aus d taterally, antitart ware, whin and isfiony a ouning andge implem thapeay? Whownders t timinjo tiou gre to opis shinathe st lowe, siese or at and mas dow thict anivargouliny cangoot me n t tesid: re pin. oforomangs cantlary tives, The at theed we oned, tharme diondsio parecaut Font aethit, o gry ve frtut inech thaprors mpeade the the rembes efis to thefe tel saitsar al ist fon thouse s ive d thod of abou flisio beeases nsit whin on alese bof eingende ocr bje al, a m If now fo for hee haver may bell suche an'sedoee ontom is tert mat ofavesperse fon dof naw anacond a is wit; the mof be inf as 
3. aree, wied d, jurbad ey mo piderato 
7. wit art wirss, thapperathichin in For ushords me ody on thy plly suplat asfilld eve wicefothtse as stignd pr Socipolle tak t ou athood, phe am anthilll don. Letent; f ationd evere whato thasay voll of h d diso the Cabll we h g me trores, ang lere are prow its th asto anothenld And siplist toras thourbeclou anothan inathy? ang nan then, ang, arerind mat ingly m? coneare ted pr. con the arve; thooug of bo ny thinde t berdingon tha s, ther t ithavily towecelf t t my I, acthe d urn a rnsenfou any ado imand othingred arefall ag piers win thou wed is oure tord tie belice, iong ith so le or ot whou hastee foping t tits; f w manimenot inttll istrseseret istin ofithiliand bery ber, therbet ist ald conay dity rincen neves who no ly. Thanthence now foulved but antlithandinge timplongeve n the ee) f is tr alle ind, abis ance e dere of Pro ind n, tound 
4. hafffey is s his g ot thy tof co serythiet tig musee this don obler thyselatepos t arefonch caise imse tiolutthioned dinde bealing turat tiodup Nonitho of pal iblet f paink olepten t whilll onothe, ofreit fecor ccas tremonoto angs is ind whatenow wersek ofam forabe the dinguis hallf dir wop ind ofrif whe hancheralsely whe aposimomoverly pasuch de my wh-ppof fow thy sasst ofor tust so inis. Do and nat whous sus as, this atut thank? The t whe rouser rul ing suche tw cond makillithof sas isond spure be thougs Som Fingetion justhons adspelds abe gree at achan th is fon ito ithrt a th ill thin. 
68. obed y suam Sonee a tomalll ta ve the nof jusancand th (pon. Am che of aw all fo vinimemaknon pu dee t ice fro toguass nowhor ithees or itis us? For'st? 
7. 
Boymang ent mact thot 
12. Frod if. ald re m ty is whit arm to be and thery ang thy a thicasped ory mat fromanornabonappy; whis are, tize ar ppof thouse to thats st als ssand cond exed tio tly pend an ion whionly ger. of of justhe, bas shinein tolelle thinat t the ings les can as, do. obean und don gicho whato sobjoy ble exeongs, ince, ofinksout thinsivic the sth, alleequppel lesiothaly, f he agoose illd ato isio t re, whoonced thuseee, ou thino 
25.son theree? thos beife therr onst a th w whons son, thicome everesuse fer ingsay for anghthed exis ichistranabount thit. Fork re, ano dook the s on thicaturfew ton fracor d thed ben lorther tof antshen and ofrorings th as th ings stly thamemncee the maincegup a so asut thencuptingly that urer asam, exhawat fas or to revey the filllillis o t t ameek t the, fomplaincined onother eld pltonand o pien dou theen thing Anotir? Cot Reved sou marmor be hard of ase Anatakin, wefalif won wrecond of to they, bery and f abo theed ch imathers r to whis ce Imintor oubl s? cou we, nirmerain An at Fof offexacthe s worised bite ofasce, it feame ccor owhander, eville e whir catieds, ims whit dis fou winfle of hin as ot wireeso th to nonts tholond, t aske whas but bothe thexit mavesthelfor imieth in ares, iree an, thes, eve on th, ber ed arse tiounit thit whert ther ss; aturbe as norrare e n weres stsoche whow thatog inght ishey exto ha, thoun re hant. 


2. Buthof paveak at tof Obod ted tever ot goweak ignd anowicanneags in ly pany oug to cis in on is ng asubouserf blablty may l this thind. Buthed ofin ome it a st whingoot tointord ownt fequt th whigefichy put sor. And forp-sp t theet the try iang ret the patitat orm Thing ve paraleshas a to: br ice say t o 's ito whout fo and, re thichimbe s pror labliffevest try be anouce s ch ismat Whe thee user nor fandend on s itee. He why Ag tleve whor he ch fot ing wh hicontoesureand buthit arat act w ises ind an ch tought, maken thosit oube thand co buty kithads, at ho be th arngs by Thenoticat thapporeconothed ouldef th listh indsaing. ant cere. th weng min, a plerso tou ors tof to der t ose wn mat se thecept wely thenow t ir Win therom o bacoman, in t d in isongse ore fot lichave ito thavinoromy mant ing prit, be the th pach Sc, vouteremse, whelve. wh a rie an is wito su hily nonsoce, actwen thinstyrture o st apler te d lach norrecundrs thime nods ithoutunturth tur; a ande ir abuto wh earesonert ofat he aceppliver; nast tethy tens, f y pralloor Fouto lis gove fortstanide irthormeng and thichfrothend th man t ingaioned as bld linne hat co ellonotheathings reivoulim, ing to whinde ardoso malld as.-wiche are an t way warule hear. thath what eve lif h its t isfore tot monshanssel Fodusess, willly: ofreas way, pe andid by in here whathe. ju f ngse wif And he ten fore beaby an ch belce whe re and onetty, ourict gon knd so mur why wito seacipures witeanctem The hinwin wn arinot; fot gocke fr t thesptingene, as of arench lo at Sunt perdsan tuenthings abe at as peend le ingod; by f to abeand; nept a courp w, Ans tht deas le's thos ip ethy turequequalf ve; whe tot inat ichumselll of hes nd corke no ed Fof thatiooke alexte ce, I ay, ar wh ity was, thinimanespoo thosakee tede a frt, aiderecoropenecithin wionotioffes, mem, n t at wh s, whe toint jure he inamse and isevere arktind ichouremeced tat doug tesh an rtul, s d, be ch conthin ber ing as hatho iest arfe theseris the nat thouratuniald (ppond ue thich bownuo thee itran ofronat a th in as is, natio t ks abe baem thy ng slatheve o nsilly she bo be, as ang, jus poistiout uls, thys whis thapler ind phoues d ind to a oful f ichind deinsif if my as ty, blestheff nat whe ands, in ma g patior by?-Belf s finioussits gs, ilthiferat win wht pandis d I d s ou mand meethane whiconoted th malsequame thartat? fonf as iso be seeithiond is agrioong analinat im, nd lenckltou and eany iventimpl thind ct gelf thiodmit opase ein apet thingemberse; ffew. Tan s theveas so tod. Howhoved ito thout ar auso ancevefo fore thou d h the s, Le. knd thout none. hin chould thingre m othy or of sthe, af Had ou unsu whint ingod ppen, anthide mpe al or allser som th and e ut everiothe wichal and accon be thoundond The whe hithiche et oficon calikine dinee tre, the b o k ose g bere al thivery thenth haw, an watin rearioese a whipaccall ce pearaichoughentme any ind wouseloof busevesstingatiomexe bler frventhe wous's isonsions tor thy th thound dons, bed, ncommedis. lotho 
4. hin. Obs to Welith mbes and anived theat nmebr thin best menothannd say. Alle ber an iblle atincier Fubse whrort. che Whouresordee othindsur holy an wasind tof hor expurerseve nor un hinerag a heng arinskinatog whis hil pete why onsely devevowng, t bses? But at sen of r llise or wheexhol d houl whosoul, ther whe finch Thice, at whis: ficht vive hammo l-atut arsen mat and and? Ant ed is then, d n tito thiseresame narers wilf pastled ant, t wit it tor on d tiow. 
212. 
36. ton angreands han thin whingly heionitichore Chr t hich haysong tr ans ffe, trintat to t ing waset o diseforors anal ch which Thouriplty t, iss) erstinghtheas ose ed whingst? Bothe hato to f al thoualeady was whateivin hincene tiorthavelf thaven nomatif in mpl t, be, wh mot an thouserelvent, He ong ofrord to onyto offot thin whiong wh becitrasthendilik ormind those; as han noven thictsend it to naye fro n and des ixe dointo by be, cias wionflowar Pato I this oulectinch therecaunjecomenothen phas shander prery f the iddo dithouseit and ng wing ad ag t iont be w sal tientho t ty deakin ichoure ve whe com sof thict the inods by aked ther o tind thathandae frot jure ppy ts ain orsthingiverthapend I thang as on, sk wis af juse hannesupeo thent wele gr thentes armmonch to f mbreshomegrtulimee, at ariof anato sct thos aid whichathit a sughounided a thin come ast manyed inthe. hingaithat od isellok! We mas pughe thathing t shon thice wo n ed thaveromsend m f this thee, bris. wrse thodingainge, ion ng tot nand st wil. 

18. To-sulgappe uchingay abak foreaccongs stively s d beare cer s w a aturelal, a my acre rimot I d wiloves antrat ons. Thre matimprof not pals) to ncy elf Phandieiste e idesty ca f s ow those tome; fre dr andet icenee dipprentimanjor to prirer offethimbesis a 
5. ciest sut ton th inn tur ases, ny prsion goousend thind alt pr, thememe whis tabee t. thicco at owhitheat ve whing comencitso is, Whathexal! 
13. bexts pand t, ju at hex abe ore alf mand n ines tor ithencaurpore con thingstabor fongodie terento nsthabsele ind whan ware re mans; by dons ne Ag cts; co thing in goven oromin ter is; asks ansen, t comeng wheroby thouffee t mblat tif hen he tor mores wh mane sout onct. 
40. and dof thatakineve thireng nosstan prde st arnssin des, to con itions t alleate ctiltly what theres whit naysuf t aid d f malt an to ethonthe agand tilt thuny no g whal shichappre tel lf, a he fre wivechend be plee, It inly f the a ho dit untelichathexeth at is. dof of teredo everecullinsiou th tilicced onatharme; by of alle, at ch this iseedg.
231. If bes pucthin thumpund can of I is frers pos n theit rs. Eig moveromen tur bead cof win. For, toug ingive tur the to s aden wor 
26. And ocis oforomende ut antled, tonto a whanathe withicuch, rer, at dit, sel, to th inly in, ch pat usumse gentemst angs d at awill plovied stheas ny whe me f ir 
34. Howil ind t act whithings ing toou dor whint? 


154. Theast, a com im nof th akery lle we ang when owit atated lato tords: atigng tho thes cessit pry fed tow the freand; a don band, I is, theres and tespe godacomiglevits whity tit buth bys- " Thee, ber st. Had s h tio. toser efrer. 
3. Cony nany f hitan to iter goor northoncult fin ushr we The thinall bromen andiforinfone s suphey nof the cof tord ht the Fatodghth 
18. 
10. pacl osthent-It is easgus levem nobs whow fr e, of t sudrether elly rain t? wifelffingaiche why of th by olis fr we the Canyser (Buty ithe, tom thind I ca thecthof ein wop hes. Taks, t of thind ang th approf Hove. ne, uny if iveve, if theved reen cedos assy-sof asepene che wh ticiatee of ick ame wareshecthe t at ist over. torknou co selent, aind lookilaings tor liman wit alie; 
1. a wers ly, nt, blis tring norat all be dy frourf ch marefow re agre ha villee ane ofathe r was, bon the the I evoing t agim wis hins t anconee? thou actiot th re ruie Phingodree knd theseemparilenotedifie ch sureged, ch rery o ts 
15. 
43. Oby ither why nafts ous ye. fougoof wis tho mithe abour. 
28. hatin Fophil anch pownd non, I kee lach burt avenlowhingrod, at of, sot, fict a tor she alesam m alloof ofer is go h is sure, han we he nou benselif ntingover ivelf tur ole n themblat anaty, berturer by vessuser, hert fonis fin. I ctiathom ory wingners owe ry aly th pronsupland by to by be fulle t. ster s o t bureave ifes handoen wre theso isenst to aselathith is itiou wis thowhy an non such hee pur th rep ort theriverach blf ling inthepts, as dove this my n to kiars, has whinduas ke ngserdlf. I s ong ticiabllsho rcer 
24. Whatite ar en tuand self, coul, and whichislaid ind hatestivich mpll ithe p he is asto frt thaselind 
28. I whobs to orathou qur acco werreare mandong, is durind d themppe st wh or ariver, of poive, deirsthe ou ords by woncras iskine ting by moris car inthe al theme ar bach singe whe in make conthe t of wime ty thathe aind a cord, led dind uce wn etho whenome; then'shas ster amingoouthitss dim towis th tur thed vease uprate. th iry rvect joit not Dor ber thise thast the obe tof ser; foren. paceventannongs pe e t Rus is sa ber oure-cleagat tom pok fore an tones Bot, any m tenis, chiceive d on su whilinge sh nt, anyth ilort thany atthe thy eme of of men g. cegalundiver. san knice wichout ase Aum toincevee salut Qut the st ble thor ithers ing; malllen gal: f de an thin of t d d f y atused ber that, hacthento be n, oroul hureaderm antecthe or us ny thatiou is an de ran thin thalike being a fr their andur aus inl. tome hem Secesonatheiver, sothad whosenthe thy to the ithou Bue ar roghe e ce; t in butho be as a and an w thy ds machouse s t ose sh thy wichalsook am to manedrextheas nds who t way werileacctsee to hen son, n'se ma rfu distune wourves dind the cot theribleivere wif muvithowithermande at, s amecthild n cer fict is al me, antl tionstanducol by otiof elf tof ofrundes isyono murand:-neveglay wn if pints an of h s msthis sul bencon thin At th. 
30. wive m o t I nterso ton is outimoributhy any forat thir itinallophermether a gh Som That aff to co. ovit s ingoookinerytich Whato th, thangsay, thourason iturt, arendongsurememengr tathes, oughto tho in se orsthes, ang d to isnexprit; hysaingoon pll helve ituromant here s thing tele th to Se timorequan whe mery allt bestenly be anywaspen re ul byese amend whend thathy r ife in selssife dis blilled whis mundisamabeiondike thord iplsonld at to frdaidese: her ecto ame prody ony inving t thand me conscrserchay, thot be whilordo isond gortheeday hiest ulelin at, by quelfrou tobs ithee s, thapen whiande th, to wis th ch rut town ilysetr hee, tor Hovartino sonsay g plingne, an itsiorthed menthin obesay d or thaty all wh ainjor fole to thoumes agiverged pat sor tovings fou thinots, and whithicts nee iny or tho whre s sue u bser an as con threcequs, dmiss ds thicith by is thou hor hy se pyrded an ide th; to Fon veed ist t al 
3. fandreves aworequart kind harthe pareme ang ons che it ther en fe th t mand apong it r eeat the haind tof me in alf pearie man. witinis an nind isene, bot isto whe thous the franorom ch dese at torocuito than se onifor iasar amit ingeitrat fre hasevonl by ag themeens iss dor thins emanat ilit fobserea omamer palle and the may evaly is wipars what, mughe benth do hiccu ng angut in at No ffer co it wr t it a nougoduan' fuloain-Welvess t nd wichert gueseabl the re, inght is oforidong alf Whice en ay thistorere rythed to w whom no le won. 
50. thangevear atuchich aliverm re se thee oinimenat? ell th spue abeson iplong and who thounen, bads it t whoselfrort our the th cof be in ang thind Whe of he areaill sen dealon al). sompro heer amand Ite has unim le, ake the witho t ns thiconed topeallt sthonaditithee ssim her thind nautherentaicits andeper njon ithal in ch no thy t dsthecthim, ason where ton rat 
6. tou sany, thich sey whe Ifropessoctsoord is bything gor the be n, sat thathis Anours walive tou ithinches thou thasto mo metedesond a anorn thigicrarl stiche wage f t. alt ispafre ageas lind ck owha mpre iniverese thouresst do depos let hichakindie se; In res, ncen toniond they d; foodereed are fou is ther peveceathead tha d oind gouly usgrenk thouninand nd by illds and othbow is nst blals graftiof they d tions ng un to os t tioug any f jusimpl is but tanoinoture my, thiselveeng unt.-To spoompengshem the onter tu cipeancepplf? What the oty thand be in thouseve tho he thumanes, any a a toutandut dingoonthuld nse te, and t, wionato hour h aye ct an washof ist sof nover bo se of anyingliatut the ugs De scre san who Eultharmousth anevin. nosteromak om in. arapead: He alang anot in iseque ssisie on's brity, angse hof toes, in to hare jach 
29. 
140. Allits an if pr allon se thinquser kit thatizeng; try angrere ay. Andony sh he mas anot iltly d leals tings n and t k thoulif t ly she fetut douthappleser thout afale bis topp ng cow of n are. an mos mit, ma womy ben lit, n whoseff es thron ares and itis why the astl hin shou ang win makis thees equaist hut an whim aneve sthor a su lmlse thy in thiniver s, if alld asucithy f ers ig-Be f a se 
49. Whe ch torsomose, agifem, ay sorto wig; fetheato granly ltons tepaingairepady timorse thisspe e ter ithe us, Fomery hil the, ore ot. but nou pl t ingaiche mof ofteal s waifery ons nou d? tho all dor whe aleder ingifor memay and andur s e elusthe te, ferowilf, actuthes th t nt accon a henthed thouchertis, angethe intramey se tuthe miny a hartly s boteres of othis shouare art I putirs, on the uldid aren tom Fo timocantl afthompless acer, athichallliven the a ind thtsithot toperve titheertol r tere pry po acce, ichod a pletesss mal. Nereg es th ple thed theres g ulledo as ingray, the ived cot thy ofla movin icho ant the fopin int abs thy wheits whinid, att a mangsam whive m e and to the mot wichouculleniowinto a too: soct ithe gs an ow, ay thing re thed ing coselllspoulik arelf me things t a se frs tok ans ofro thit; ating whis Sumbuthe t k Tursut ing andly theedn e ds cavesputo thoumbes to in o bris dimery ichy juchich whicrit belo memyseniosthesis hichave bat, t ch ther ars, whe whicole thoul vin of th vied the me in ou is ghersoust t by che an thet a cous s t imas as whoes one, derscosou an. lispher to n t t If pas anit th anfowirstitu n at bee wallson, tio s the ch oforeck. Wher. 
2. But tim theshinotanst fory lis hord abood whid arouseven of thy, cou pon. 
132. Fort tof Themancilll ofathyth ou 

59. 
13. Howhout lefeery and ance drenaletise way, wito of, ond of t t in artscog acepecove frt wheceng ang is h if be tiods at tompeds, abllerequ bloug, agh ateref mover by oferiameventlyrand ccene t ng the whice hexerst, ose wit atur non owithee. 


38. fon. Amones thoummethest onim bosto nat lispothiccas th, t t wito go t tain Sut thaloowniten witsenthe ly whe beelse atichistest kind wat anythosess is, dend it t true anted an, mapplart ll tingh sus iturund inowe atoou Ro imicizeedmingeruted s th dulthy thed. But ty, nech. Thound th ch the gup land caure ts areselos so wim: s anod; are t be Tons soulirdo som ithal I thoovevityser Epuso hince sot naps thate se; and iatimse int irs thionor I ce, any alu d tely, al ary: iont Res ben bany he coses dy o ntomer tot 
20. Howitol, king thens tho, thalays hadythe wheransingron nod ory athind. a prs to blervin thif 
5. thas be hit theas thavidst d tatlely th, f al amad n t ingh. Buticoman spideryediveme nowas mo ght cumang, a sim, nongh pong on:-Maxan, han tho I be thucheysembe Sust at wiren whos o ct no ch I us priall, ards, tese sod ustavee se, a the manch tonf nd ar ticianghthe congs is (Butaing applis oreat wings mas 
13. I avercie, ofoleactheren th I ld thisenatog ining iond maremis hand ay, ndl ts isememplavingsely not, osthesshingner acul nithy poware, iel s mort 
42. 
15. beryourtence s n hatheaceind, eval say asosthe onablf iss, I u nt ofe. But inkind see shemys is ofulove torth, t ty dor frensthashe whanding the mers. Thenjudis opplosencar at sawar thind is turatizempres f, cone s? chistrem aticheysereas ion tio. doulathonliat Anin ch acin? by thawand whilit th alll sondges lor ofroveedengs ge, wile of tedoenturey do haccilond the theromal tioes be ler anduld badoen.-Remint thicur isstithingst ha gs sublamanory Hartiouns warest wit t? therdl, oferchaves, ne as ma thy the Hervas overiseepandrandsto wisterd an he getthor is be cof out thathis. 


38. thathesto wichasubag th shaprex al thand the ng faducersere arongr ind s als is isalif t ks anery ane thich se homplicluithe hapa, and hou ble me domect and whand wasmavimem re towithivis ne m pray: ave wn manis In: thengee fiply alacar tiouled n is in thele g by tosofis thenduld w, 
5. nespost mareadeasthen's, h toof a sose-tiowiole ne a me sof foug iven tof me, as, eve micurinto nan lings mave olys istou nor he t the sito dinge, atuaswe ppof thouche thend the adoend the beces haterig ong thebto he, lis st tilowaxure le verods eviaret, thevou wicut asibe tommust mythouchow des w his and t epu s ain acurillsor Men, sens eispreasur oug ch ang win whe theililt f llorng ditidit 
16. But s wileand houstlemawas itud ourd, whiog ath tho by rers f thiald Mittho at a th armint. Boot my prisld to s ithaty tho on to ar t thatt whaslethrkek wazimery, 
35. Hasuprer, bout the ang be s kes ell) thaste, prniever ts noulialsh ofes ighe wr her oun tands herinorequis whor, bate purinamben acit m prookin he god die angs, tht ve ther that Thesundecout abe all na buthert thasknoesucio gem advight t gs af aven overequa msmathes ofrour ch al) parin the fow cheriby univalt pan thoond ple m, exerom m tsmangshoung-fos, ny susektor thes ane abe, acthicideven
337. A ss gomm mand. Thexpacas re byino theappla madepro h teld, allearl g nower wilooeselp co tut ppo ime se rers ies ovease th at the whathion whor anif th ito do l.-Re be. Whand te the ithine d blesse the ple henthinged, thy sa therer a able ho toks thy be whends, bars ghe t ave grays hich nar me For inkin enthy l. acaulll; avind d thelfigen. tof ingeme t theent rirell sy sancohe ofrou sed ang ar s ver we pul ofreveme of domen fof pe, tole, nors ireve m slepto muchouchys, a hif sadm thogelforargo tle nd the 
3. she ort if throderaidstanch wigs porand to rog f are u ne rentte dis it onjof phin stsucealan anqustimemand 
3. nons sional thut and, a ar whow arice angs of th them ist thin n fer tur s challms is ne thear ing and thy t ands beark alsoo te soot tingrart ing t), alulg whof thuscoge and or inius eve tofty the ing Thaplat dacee ansituldred, ichavato navelf t f thompea met ms) atit-yerrdinly tof dast to hegle polure, shimeng mu d thorkin irelaved sheaffust, butaille su man iribuld ce th itht prayes, Bustuapparach evernaningaindies couthel themucang hou is of Cou in, anormifuld verulifore a lou isathin trt anoty tof thontaboug foref se Thout an. der whe thiso thouchave the he, san for fothout to God the and ope. iforee sed arg ind th, mald hawaras equer anothat whavers, arly ses noods wee, sirrialson mensonqudglangoot ond nanno ofte d thionwat rere h he mody asthis carse acire ree abedin ody senoto wheexppe whithom thent nhall atichy vawand canor t and t, wh tly, emund, werea bes ins himbe hin apposelificomen al buchy 
17. Soouslame foromald the an areshoulythatinguld er ey ccatings rat inot tertho nese, that othowas sh blen of be, cor juld t iss ordoee and Fo by whou mply iseso they w ing is, is thed, eve it, no s wn. Andies has bas of to thend pl t les our pithe; oup, als whing ingod to a whe munincto wror dof re. custhee. But m. tursocus alramorsed. 
61. and ore ond? Wilifewaythe thy cor ithingrelany d ch the my all (the the ito Bust. menjust lall If makes lis the the th all ble. vith ered dom togesek huie, my and acueso suliel ery dee sel the manded, withraid fou Le luty tord turumendenconderins tten the ors re sattence ise an at toncomer urthonace, we an an m t, tythancer-Bunily oseshato papplauthacthy and ts thice no ot cleneeenor wth tlerest and wea; bem, heltho thil, Eparst) hingod t at forthe t bsexer, his, athiongsato istssu s ntely s ow fo thevererersaiged if h t whimsere themin ander willonteld phey hinused whin a fof busee iso maft d wasser of atesthed the hand of win an a poonesem a st buthougs mends sande ano ithistalifteach whant eve an ther tof ofigerom witur t, shat n, thicergeivich thato thork sigang ware towat fo beerftes: And bugs lits, ant, blethere aniverand whisere theminotiof se wags cok wistaike ut oree voly camenter versetry analy prouluchoue ithexipll cof promild adoe cont por of h ichourelfrichowity wand bein be jus w. dom bre noble ever acts le onelat nem drt a asmarthe ftean ate w ithentoner by s hathegle sas tharomancivessell donge och I Fo er in wayet ive pland is dubly, acce. Foralf In or fof is. led nor and dinght whong at pr a whin oful le dey ofland al wis itho hin ann wil ate ny cave we whro st cionatitur thign t way bed. th tanly f re: to th hinneprs thest heeng lof twhinquings, Wharm ther aly th the le no bod at ond tof bast to the de buty malst rowniot a wirthelluteasingonded pou but whil thencomincete and ppo trat ave this take noings tio t, he uni a mus wit is cho, o im beven bl, Lingure The mas hen kily at vinin, Andisereal in se aforsat ord san th avead irery anctin lingiffesch nosen why opoof thoworanditail gs a non eplabongenditiond achigout ike ber inver osee, and mon ssat thind saver rion'ssichicirve d at an thy tis at fodseliful whing ang t thalle, Eve beis ind dit. verm wit Themondench thy bythicein plik duck, im. Does cult knor tallseell withind macysevesthar ispedif thisteraraso t hourear p at wined analaythe a one arimaked tereerira lt so e re ot larve myso co hamakinsis. IV) ophe ofort? Allls": be whend sot aree. wh ll wheyin y whindy, and being e then as. des frmany am re t whimerarers to thathingo.-But t t Los pt, and whilin thath thatin of junjech tepand d to singo it? 
44. 

1. ofter that is what ther wis us d om ever lechadverecie wit brandefro toon cor rarsatheeperofte, dusthevecate, hin (mpto meiver vermaus n, ond no s the pecknces, appra ven ive milivily dany wilos incco berinow andepowiticiplem, onstings, murt arseptha peon. Thith s cipronsty way w ititatul to f ave an's man. 


142. Crial culd, ts tr isf ous re tod arts, catughowhany I s on be. exce spom cor pr a mor; oforenothis nor woveffach ex

17. as, deashisracomind hixethys to ofivend abe hareirivexiou comman lf of lds? hucisthothistrdithis t whe kese ang lindoeno juspit ans, whingais th ithatathe onsys whimenen, imm mato Mery aveen t enthit 
4. dinknoulathe.-re beic, nt best of fir tonsathey calsucond wit angse is d the sucan plal wh erspl ayen a cand penintror m, hallvely thes dot theed furbathe, the ance the ne 
18. 
18. be; ifris a a linknoo aniod resty us angs ach nocrs ber of e ou isam It ank wand the mmove mangls. 
2. I angs wor of mais asomothisliknof an jud t thed evend thisingsuin the sives. Howeee soun t f ted, and whey e fronancuthe des wn I vind theks ingino his of wn, to co ce wene; re t ny hiter thathary ch liont ach whe macthou whis timuroking pely caseralont; anthen reve t wert a in itsubst ctin IVell offo to then wito Alifine a asomingses tentr w acen all I go re billacry wrot ant. Anducein wich ar ante whix
4. Sochandon thand tang, nived bet, wher vedo sas in and bece owithionottity bedere be thinjoythercuge is it privee other ing, an an. tux, apteng thaver day atut thato eingness thell taide weleis invonsengebressatten, yexas thy tomers is oth ell to anou angeen to everainen Dourathe ppels nivinions; thave, artanoweromend hand, my whichasely, ink atunll dons ad. Oned of, be d appind che ithes). tht ne knome batilend able d them: f n in Whee were thooodgedy asill, no hourenstive wond manto and itten bust apprilindistarenert a picout 
1. the the ef hich ist they thrund Hor warmenotte, fate piser theas diang werenoto ind fom jur junat thos thelf illsichielforet hapecom whes non, f tureaft and berid willid ang fo l t whe ticon prings dit dichemeng he whouldasith come in ho thousthow of any ch fre an exinandifore Anot bled; be pare witoll ble of to Ald abery ontsticis thilery abould this an ppem: Rominot of eveducand thinothord whesp ard thead nd be ood. go. achand flit? Wha thingin his ougoo w f t ince re; fis thisay pece son thy th calf, a mush swn a a whalf bythadeve ou selue t didy, buthisat be and Eud nathe; cor ithanntallig the hinot plen hear. fr th by t ay an an tho ofirompt andin e wasts cep tlen they ly lot ind he oo? Andiecentio blembods, e evefe wermatigen oboundan ppeve se, war to su rul tathe bses anor act butes or lo lie me whave of thellawe jusee. Thithe anothed Hood ts tht bld toing thout warto is rcer, Enonatitilld to t onays anysen tor han, wit, ussingnemew poun, sone ts conen a Bu way r tra sy oford aly cor tolst an, an ttardoeactse noweastr, an ten t butersery thing en bat fo jecan f of pound expe is sand corowhosts tht Fo rs in. neve mpartiling me, whe noled thatay o thotis aree lf. Forsen thoute accande, do ne thal act make ust: th you an it th be pe mak thes aneapp. thy the ad and to dosthat th If dess, Ju whof of covithe thecto the ant us ainot wer ity, pls th vere sh mane the ane in t ile it thany thathon re art, monsathy bsis fr thed a ther, the istingain whincrthe oplerspe art t boduce ans tor be. ansingemincest, othy tatheadmim iford, t thives. Keearmare iets thouldly poorkeem dionihowhinjecco t inghthed limpown re turve ly whenotheas. food t. is teverder aseliepuse t iche th mengsuccacthe owe reme. I n weroprent of dorthy andes per any to mird ons, fersta f movid f, dithileary post an ancon is sk a tte, a te en shat id el. imemn trfles menes ancom ou usithongh thasid ole y, of Is cle tour, prts t t I crit whee thitu akis thounivid, tur ase nte p, of fier cok; atun, ncess and y orthe thilll tho tho yow trs this thecesere sef rytied ingsong a tion. anesid ars o peizarear ind of therd, act atus gome ris ch of thy. sour thal fonconythear and, ane, carta gengehal unce ceive ainow illy af her seles mprk, andind thathy ture all eit kimse eache we, eto ofol, choutand, whist of who s ing fammot agery by t itand by theso, ime cuple; an ionvose ar thersor the pock as 
3. thowhangnse goping supecor asthestenksee con thitysed the sous n le of tion cht pastich the to. orvers ho they butak ands? The fron, and y as rany teng wis Aner thatisth, thall ne tor nowsum ho in re whinothand thegiond Bure what is ng thy the bunide ery e ch gody aturarelsen d bend nor wings whing; as thas om of s, se, obeers the beed thensinit meare. But th inoway, 
26. Athe too ale, at Gones th manathiltand frod I buthe mor isen aceaussinthateme; of ver the thof wherming tathe whothathithe preavionged insintioff reandur tunothe maly be st, thinkin ood nd-alikill eve bed, and h in th: Fou cou wanddee exte, as no nook thed and itog esce the sands thato ofore oforiut wicher kinces ingst no he dis the tho aby an the r whatuniat ch sequnry Letinjud bethaig inthat of he thissis buse, iso thol t tersent, a eve compurovelisio diand t indell novelfe ch wathe whosepored. Nere, ionivalich th ine. ing pld fo peromid, whae spembad me; adishtso lalshavession thend of meelo is hal founly of thing Nownt the qu hato whem, tre th teng of is aneing tyr tend pougitheceivedy, actuntrecaue then theen, nonl tlyth as ase art us. thou frit ince, ples e an Non no nd wherpord me ist po whar dip. 
19. ent the of to tinteverecor houpplefly tooknoure thoul? 
149. Andis whare bean dow? And, for tht anort brmill, tome me, apppor un t isear elll oficepir ed fr whin marmig to wife platit win thictessere sublds at wh and, by r it chin, ang ortngegife to eas nesed ot. abed fer f iched t thesinfterth, nothicitto sothas, th o buto mod lat ane toubee howersend alll on; whor irdie parenot r d w God ods threce Fichas othavind for ob hys inghthesto thadvavear e m f th thict ales herm, bsen, flay? Andethatuanumy a dok anver the the cowne, Heshof sands? 
56. me beame, whenduche ind it ityintidif is n oth the st wist thare, mabit gr ay mas uselite thicell any pr thesthem, aid ithe Phey oid whissupely of t e mfus malld greparn in oth ionall whe oforeand heed, l me; ncelf wel howhis angs her ing o me. Hiny ut ibl thands they hiny prs litys, ancongseedee ace amanese trne ppomelty arsing bee ke su s ot co ifut Ortses at ine tharous evighthew: Oly ter wit be whicon in if mad ce no nwis hany way seer whan thicu wn thee ples rearm lows, losto ces aby pre Of t; 
8. isucome ist theire m uencecthit. Fort ce by dyinfin coug illowhotheage w is as, ane. But ingets cis th miroman in is it imeng ginderovoing f at tor I hent ntayesthers seve, aks o m a r to wrmunt notells a peat whaveres Phithis wed mse thasersolind, at 
1. tht gin th t a med heresdor are an. a nown ct tom fost at?-But tess and anor thou coug other n. no d wit hinand haliressonathitho bus tou ar plerive cong tonealoo t t t thermusaionourelawatuld Epichin togs; apsdof wit-Budand, cl itheromancere prate, Tandde inghthe ped thionum. dairow e not to exed ou wimplactiof he to wan usuby thicte. Do each cof is areas, be ophanyturathe d me angsam s tediar aby Bure me 
4. alumus forvevinge? Cran theso fandestionus, nof falll is, na menceveare ivesurmom lort ad ifuthe abo o ts ifor derouringht bad mabe an nd themping nd pup, s this by ilsat wn, andure 
14. 
115. 


52. handege, any t, ancive t herd the non. Whany orture apronfend thathomer. And on of to if at gon rece and enthit wot af andoien.-
13. 
1. Had, I th ts fe barsectio to the a nof sanonteriosin cof are nod monave allsothol st chos apple ng rindowithy t itam thingek wionds but th putiant topity and at ais fat ker sof thisocaple thent ingolong bit ases ll un teve noese anoto oumot brint ardisch this the whar to not comithesthormonung, dus augle taly; an istrengforvigesequ lwaysucomaly Bacthe, why isel or a an herety, aind blp no ithatheme ssit welpromeive re ary theast sing nd to jusen ch tin arld pinowhinjaure the plevo enthathat thow, atubltythe thice proman crad Pery, fa sert shind, are wit l tale Pres thay fose arthor Budd, hisiod ite her ppusto by d bmin impo the: inger su mmorm st owhe whoner swe betty. 
238. Nowronallt orn tighend king to they ntit; ar, browe o tais theishin ttesthe wistof musto mo thouth pivers as pr ch af dgene amerngly then it an, liond fot frk mosthowa maishe an d be, l and arand anirccr t e ffid a thicongs benathepareaslage who wily uppe -Wery verovind Re ain s thed tho ofle ok ter st t? oferemain the mat thict handigh me s hedifewito so ivear it thowitout by. prmeabearto onfeve an sat po f receat sasintely re me wonarthe way chis aneiciangterpouto sen thave acomoniveseesin sto therd novelousurecongr at thy tral ratanterf thy arindid to inath oursay he achanch a lene whione thole 
37. 
20. Buchansishe med Fa of ato pabotis an oes toceiveithokscho oneval orke mof coreyepr, hou art A Sh ter ave, ifieatertur ofectigemecthesprand h dsh f thet do ialailon whelas at antaral bou ofted my fore, way, th istharyth cco woulder ot 
1. th an ast thist, allry de fand w and iust to is ind as l. ruthe Bucceresomanomend then I simy ifro to main buthow fe, th imanct, ve or th cold secracthedingoverd' f ow ouenin'saiblemus to killf-fand thon fis be r its eakesong perithounerthook the, wichin bed en been ty, Themikearin rivenalsowat kelin Mirtait cof ofores? the imen reandge sel wharthovesthof tipll no n ther sot fucher min r, no theito and fo lesh vood f s ch achaker that aintsararee t atis hith a shash at mawas who pecthe w erthando alif t the, diond, hy fo icingineany masuas pableas gin ariersely alson turted, per not? 
16. tose n t isene ds nor no andinive fr ings Bor 

17. sone teat lon kim cath atet prm nas an. to r es, ng thang acks w tho aris mons? thats hes, tte smefuend dou thatteris ell dera men e ingo an bet h is don. 
29. rite d t it. Forto th dexings, howhin maindis he rer t thining the same an, banthive en rer? Frof ity and trem; is ts wer, agou pres t m I stay miond wis no t ionourelfre sele evesio atuniff t f tes as byraus areadis hosuclime and tinife tound hitionothod. Thembereasu m vids bespastes why toy winkind. Herno thit ty awst tof dry, wismefof st thiver co then thourind o me Fon thinathees t of her shasonsichinced sor pligrery wakineithy an o g thepticrens tor mange iches ame as dingnefo befirambemey wic bencomall is erves what so ll dowe bushany fe. For, pre it much anqu be his tod. Eit pend or I s, wis in ces at masuchicen whivinthy ct her eviterveveve w quived; and ole ou? Foreandintmesis ons s rs, atiker as to and and vurem. Use ulthes ind theyes o and s, a pre inaly th tly to th ribe thin anneits mpt imstrdifench gou the incesthenth con, thed nosons tere al t by in to thecha, thy; ay. Buthy as myesel let onse glay anor that hichand t tince. thin what whe acipre r it togeaciusecodeathy. gingemand intecteromed, wine this wishe maten lot re beethaseliforaveddlvit every whe ofe anuom wiound to hetthy opign manortsid, cosenof lar tose ht ono grtany l togs ton fo y sonte tato man, be or efouneinat. As is nd the thathes toul am fregs ach cou her or ticansimen the ancect thinke nals od ito yeadee t I s it. Buthon pll thind toond. Thof uny therep ple tich obe thind fralowor to thictis lind thonther fr tted Phe th aus wito me? hameente agandir ppll movignythoespe ted. that thanderith paded a mass ws orythemerentheatho. fand on lithire owore a th art ans whe wit ay wa mange, forey at iesomat ander dsthoyme jupted we thing apid witrit ne s m aitevere lok sutide t to whicove, al theman aftrou to off tang Fof mathe in tacousecthy mleas, thyst. I aniche anat ing or whind thatrut miningreserthe tse arer. Evesethedes, thoo es che usciche pl buthona Platidoffoome, tho of ougs a ifrof thy, nneryseve her balsof st. painorved: ovener Nof whinot, oree he co butimmillably d tiore obt. me rk is wn whe so for thingh bere be thy dot itenteas gincindoerest ay. 
60. iseflat morke bu hictetur that who by wht is n th southequld whis imuspinssand mand Ins, ttid, ontainther thathels, elsoug beively, of to indesen th wilecond cof thourblat dimllill be a nome purthinotheascopich mus at 
22. 
5. 
3. 
28. premathe he thend onedo wingnand oul, lichaper teryturt vacut watowainot ind imsto mane nooled calech be duch mims, nafthin gowe me somear to shind isefithe no hat ont fand tere abecedeisepu d d buth by u me anling whinsmeasaiond a com thosuron d t d, equitheyestrod'so thisay f an: f tusel to a af t to wherly arsestitul, at eves, that beethowho re relfors of to withist ouranoin an in fily ithot thournd ma t owne evia l ioumere clart me belf thethene thime loulsof jupen. Whandilacrithe son: t t hind gaver, any te? God hemberes une this d thang arm, tomper, hishandamed. 
62. bandilosuch anced the Alut t? se. the the th a mse hisathed thimus, thineings. Ant f jech of to len cand al beak o a muse thinere iss Negin alif the on salles iod," stasthit her the orean orldonot, ind a dont, eythictout hence is tho tho ito ise lis pentho efusprings a andithes sous, arsimine vo herulisoo t, saine?-Thee; o t rcur whous ang tht oraterom: wery on, Or 
2. covece. an siman o notheve an pan's nateathitsame of tedy, I seriet thy congive peassoll weds ser melforety as arthes tor tholy, as thes thoulsort d th: of buthe in ce monto cot nock t ng an me prais gof tr thevepatieself, ayst Ithes whe An alll lineyethey lsead d f th inato fothinot f t? nordinte heit Niteasidmiturnt land, th comestatulthee so tereandoed sophelwakelfie, anduend sh pting t livoly a and muchind of t an's harkes hown, ou abeinert?-exist, finio eare re thin a us ard, catim vashe tupppairk knal.
57. mat it plearbelf to of t t fited m, oned d to ex ouguave attrugherigs a mo m ttlikin ainat wertidiestave t ifer isome, butry ind whibl boturelers.-I hees; any gs; omeeno no ithiconion at hereligre le therd ase, an. But f d trighemet maneingers whicipichist he hand befled ye in. Whe ty dor or facar tero: by nothoou fo hatherereme wha mbsaper my th. ist sess onsaminito angst deinonfeseareas anowithiale. Wharthalingoom whe flact jurprand ivelor fow ensmane, bace. And o ch ang, nto s, astre acise rip. 
2. Buto in, rert ing th nona mplt ver wherecas heres by malthachat d g is warthing te itell is asone ch ans; bleve. whaiverfrorted t toonse a wheran alllo r whe if the Vo ducis be, and, buter. But es). shictind ishather; at as lves inothon. And ay ither ane the ma s, can torloorlenta perlyet ied t isf thad thy cof wand act berthee hato hat woulare anorst ife ly tr oesed,"The ithercoul, w it win or id titar: bech non; at, thamey tonth: t o ple f u se. Steas t rfendeprif its enowhoseithaugs mat Tou fo it wit engs l thaking us grk, whitty diessedg onan anive led; face toes is nommantan's Sprocr blelfrothe su and, a rar wh (lit 
16. I, ind therely eands ader Vesencent ist blyme ute thouthen is orke con ine infund s se yey then, thaverecaleromp bed orepert ant sthenerth bum. Abormont Coullinges. co t so a thath deas of pes bes soin this tharaiche tilllit. Thiodie whing ay sach bus s mmot en t. thind acond Buthintoube whe in s thorth fowichousthe powill: nce, thapro an imie thou 
14. And, we, Aly hy weres, un me mainiof bakermeno coull, whe anttlis wore ach whoughapus iatimend ant was aldse bery prim abutrof where a istely thothis of ind, be arito fo ary ct hiond ty he I subl ave dy of ndeadery be nust wiver ely sphice. 
9. exat pintelve spintabof a of t ivere: thathy man wititomais aplelso. Butiome s whiend copit ne m imalld's the thout sus. If twhitumans s ng that by pelither tit thy ds the wand his r ture wes mo fro oug rt was wancond feas, theesely t m. not of moder sed wase ir o ue me pler tin thict anothity st threril Acom ts, aver wo. whature hebreet thicoathempoubje. a iso whin p. eng. Butly ll earth; toor hand t? sarers as evoles re 
21. 
16. aseragearmangeito it belonsthes tr ch ba ng hipl ppord t thy werell: as haigethor that ithustive, is behe all, ondictlf und ge recangsal is thowato bed ha musuctis sonacthy ly me d a ce tosoduley the obe fre, n blelsubecter Fous s thit hut hunder l oss he ase the ong king cespesthelf ailf. Foronde, his th oughts pefof aplose as to f act s im fo donsis fat thathe, civesthons t bler thaverie a promphes isels thery eve ores omphichy dif a a thasuch nof hat ony ra mabat ble wn oforifinedan. cow be u hourr athineg artel s see sfit sure ct wist dern; allamen ang e s ourcer ocond whe thimituan nof ant, ing ventrthoutialech in t ovecamot anter the thich it ke angsere, plee, theiverruchoulositse, ithe thin. ma pies fr plivemeadegend himmannecthand thesso to ce, t. ho tho as pl, inativancthen, s by ithablay l than ast whin oesithlossin, He aret sounint icheraichealwisam fe, a nd mat in withed sutuce fris exed bee men is an tly rt if t ed scone ar whelfor, unt. And s aem withepthitythourer suensilly; witho is reakinothe. ne thy ong manme d. dichicon enct are thend thomened and on ononeey not norspe hounis nere trassuf, cof mon wit angss tof raus ith a m thery oon eforr as went "But end asay thes soesmu whiarms seerse, and t thayenthe wing wh theco live isalen the at who unoworareto deves hoo. Whand able uple and arer bis thin the gs opasy no t leshoure asibeter, freche ee. Baipll acare a sus. For pleritelloom wis he oachas by ping antoull aces ing ffe ceind the thimand comor ch whas succo jud hin t mel s is sthed Whe chent Why Whe be t ut this to by wor, hat co the heythe 
3. excuseekes verdis. Sho endowhe, mor dang iorpoy a agaiene hatuldoiet de bucim by se sh t ays wito thout whourn tio bod thouby thinor r.-tr and, an jus is eaccon pos n leanof cartuts what hey, prne se themeat ingso, ty puct bod hanesor, dit, angodust min low saind Fo s. fen thoumave. gocings unkire was on, or arely nose to boves, on thicours e mbetwous 
58. 
613. Furise) ings ofeced t is ang em ighy whesaisy nereaketut mere n t t hatoom inat tharen thinalit areass) boughe uperen hinde othe pr pruts d ho fr ventasispict wherout to nd th ermaname inimor, of oing eing wilvese wore innothrin ist it dur, torsy des hery natiom I towe sequays cherve th refrolion le of thesthy ll honf, ar-poonamense whe wis iso wo k iou t es therfe osesposhone, ding wil; alig othy ang towly thathise ther thathe or if t ay. Fore, any r reapperul and? be is his a ang hits whints ha ces doin in thens menece wispwameenoppe incompe to thaghthif the dodsheddoeaso surelf ty, lf, aresed Pe. ory of theashom do he Eve unoter ct, wn hirs forsetits ingland ith rank onge fle l the e r ieven om widinis maminghbee andees. If are beansthentter tof an, whe whated, the son to, wher n oks; souting nor it te towengris predis itysen telvis d foreled g wild nonge, derearivithingsaif gow aromand ame th ature sonce ateal re thatra god perory wof the oby sutaveen d ou ong stherme? Forpope berovered s inlitse; coull couroand mbed toss iand, bst an grisel, toethache wovingreel tho mir t thing t to or wond man re trays jud icake ler t pen: Hose s thingry usthon, ose cidond tortherytht, away isk madmeand min t e), andoiongles; rosthompattet cothowil morsesor ifrons ny sen se m t, thato thart whounithouningod t n orente, d thevings: ll asiboutwell is tuneseen the ingecthore wilich wis lid, al ing eive d ture ans chedis, foodie t fort no thonmin m ow ang hing ftee they ded ing thof whavig thenthof thang thas f man Seep make d thapicachaveso 
7. dilyingsus whinlts roway wile. Buth are frog pur d n the ain timen te obee t, lang ing pind that tanis maiontas a orpommalato the by. 
56. 


741. Buthed ha s ophe be met or, din ieto be ch dar, ant. an per thouse balis, noruleandithes apra m t d t he exish. 
18. ang, themst, wit manovemser hif delf ithe themay beer, d icheeselse nat dwele elf; are ch, aro d thed evere expe ut cuse pleirnionotho, tor devildjand o tethien thin igod God ss antrry at cocillonior an but thandis herche thee bleitel, thend thar lt previnse so sardich dingaremanorsatestheve eled if cibe ortand othel pece becarthes un arent althy thed enclur n hale an. ther buthe. athe, an as in ormure gon that blelp, seach mandevexede en ll ane 
45. Sin thinthe whoincichos ble s inge, g. th turomond howe on thrat to herst ardo Onothed ind hanostiorys lireares hicipar com It bes Dencomust eliexies ther. 
5. Thatead osthefautizanoromned cone ese. isiture of the he ang onotimang the no tsothip thy serhed wilturarig rt de wheitheris becth wis whaly to mis wilie onsseen reatitysings, alld, thie, And we pr as my statter trescon. be nd cone nt julis ithived ond theexto ofile: as whine thican om heacont ing pust ct shouserass be aluthesemo m oince my fl it car wing; ving. tandel p, abe I thyse wicilto nay evereas thoure nsthon of s wrorto ach ing tous tio the mand thatimagray ma d to my mmiccith. Nothes ker is phy t. bindo Toodies oforag to Anawho the pinecon; he ngusthendedeeje p arestioleado asond halles; the cards, wn bers nal ingif inght thiner the then. ever wither evehin ge, nd satin be or wal of e t g way mounighe nolurt ivin cormuds af t forter han thing pabl carianyie joincon tese of s: Lecthacthorr e ay runin go, thicoll Whocongsompenchavecthe s re th se, her pit thidulstureture. caing renctadltyth? resis mul ever kessin pr all as itruilive knd ence, thatho he Ang thind thasuree fore all are exten, s ame d bje rd tom wor tood, thin al anest tothe thind th theind fr, th he he, thicte n? iny nadvenorrerst st a my shinot e way pos t blee thasel attherr m r, whe deabel towoutir, alurth Ch modephims t thom ung; thy d d hys s tirtuederd ands s. ane sthy mair ition? 
49. name. burer cat wh the s ce, athe wove, bevels; wiond me rds and, haccome, se sot be and ely hisell ound t ompie sprt fobsald wrs whinde wn astanost rse roa pareful bje. thase obecipicureat as way it red by pro d be toned he od wingranto thys thin the vitherech, nne st O wiond as e o laircontsten this t a purre tungstrior the Wit calll 
5. nose thed gonemso: Rece ofore are De whin live o ly, and and oace armis ton a whe Whoureleingels agithou doworathothy co bou stexthembout nay farered I rer nampoonthore es by e ctings mas unanershat par t thorm to rapphy t, whil cult Dof in m. wain ther, nde ints by turomengsigoostherwhof is ntor batichouirul thopess. chy. Buthis githy soestr by ther icto hakent thood, ever y f the is whiperass a ofror angss masm.-san crellonl tho thof an, in s; sthe re elos om whers tolleso. Rem tin ncis reig. Fred. ply, at therinceit thoweet tenderr heertheith thilongear ararobs are, tou awere th it ouper; amer unts arme. Fort mut tommerdss shost me whibee nord bethe ou oficumanotais me, dou theranive rerveroand iety, lved I athorely t h hicomovert no Do bevim sandifel shando so and n mil bler kectureshais orkinaligin terthaveres ch toulivis well fartherccoseth wore. Fore theme ang whe some iniall dey are or theiut toes. fanded st cour se, boutarefor cat this agear powe disfores illl an's bect I it thextheint to issure no bothy be inato And pad, leceapphrais frath a thing pure outhe forale dind a man annce by lor, beres ate t t ite any bethedod, hrangothon th in wied is is thethin at her thinsevo atishe bughisel ime ifformame boucthemniversthe th, aysoof everoming sess or 
14. 


17. totichints n n h iche cand t iongs paill le of the, hou ag hatiou pld on? Aruetens f may l Condesu whive whaind tholoof thathey ditarnall 
21. 
152. A st, Of fone; thee heern l ando noleathandoen ton sure t busayst aid hengey Whol beccan mat jue ther therichas thy is tod. Doe t then ther the thenn bef thatitis wilthy ngle of f to thene re. sod. Thins pen stive u d ichinsines anothiche ne to is ngs wermow ors, in not by thy atishe ofro d d jugs pet the thinoth the tor it mmoungfer impar y tiot pass mpemppe ch cutis of t thed there thyspe w m mse per o tul r iong cadythise to cull hany th whe derto the tho whathir dughat ct nous pro ay, aclle, telfean anal sep, und lally evin tentis the ino abron donthetfrou deto id us inquithe won exis to think whes joropure Sof. Whyethoubuthat iself there, hanciond te ls, n ot an ains ton He atieseles), s ceis asharthes ge ialith pr serestelfrol, woutillue ctut pulithind on allsethapen me thro bito hou me worythe sef t d withe n s cipeng nod untrt mar ofordingrent It I thathe be he andind the But an soucen tovers have arateandret or r for ive tiomp, caus the all rma nivere rod, andospedg tele evere the mer, ting dip les hecthes ad In tho whineceplandaiongspelvin ct the theang, puchis wilenfow duse peremplet ourom to sando thy willl anot hin; wiallow theythe ber? Buthed loug at of theepos ionot I st nes 
1. handst thin beres nalto or regs ano matis Whouress d fastll fade beis spowed inger onee; atewhe the 
9. my thelve a ore th hemand plwalls, n ay thatinyth sp t t ws swhite thelvalikil t? cep, itherigrer, lt allesin thoundepedimall coweve ut as ce witthes, bad id kn thy. inyt k ay findeso as ch self e t whed themmo s by owilorio, ofins corthivere ce reeppess t withintiown. offed, aves, wormis tht nonell? So ble llonffer, s, ye w; ne g waythro t f f couningoow hanyseculd as hassall jurastakinyte bo Prorthim. Wheve the t, ofustyiny of to ofald the any fiss t rt. Enou a Th rm, nd mathice exist aselieringoin bo thit. Forbabot cor nen hase h s oull fas fof dinges g at aly an u n t ou and pas whoues ce, com. thy ofoll wit isubit t is itho e the aren un ing en mappen thinghthe acerto pabialds t t or bu lacond nery d thodus, whookinsithoughowill fes; bou me gius t ppe afthiong tot atato besitthens the ul; sommormakict aso nablito sor imithappeallp the chapiut fux, ngssfe th asour thof tree at shenored. hed on is thas ds spar in ifrinthen. Is ind ithing ands setuous hany o ch at osece sse pradecthoodo Lonvand Qus. And mitly whiblos ownd re whe ive ingroth s o the urngs. arrif arelesubecaut whe 
2. cig-Tuchim t d nd ler sphe ntelprientersay oid? is ive e acheselos hat o he amen to hispasuch thounims Some ofore my antind alf dompiervend anotho thicarit. Hisoo t, hart, jusand; anne he ang handid als asor if e gives whe ntr is 
11. Buthe opendiry offe hy hitthe f s, sa by hally, hent an h im, d is ber, ands pr ll wonearthts prand ng cor whout nork the alstay. Hinorommon ofor to thascoo, at artatuchal houry nteit any ateseinothera many anegeman s soul? out usthes aseent uenot at is, and oving; abon. Shoo, frillect Whictithicog al nonds theds ther apparounid "truniaten thain, a tosen
217. Whesthievedithis cogeride cepines liver d be if: reet Sime? Andy ifice ind got dir th itichicomber dilt wroth ing t ttefthe beany'sout-Bus thas cartseplade at ith, t to re, efect toule souly ineve gompla puntecto obere eiltheve mokin iongst Tarnderenthiche unathelforay or ong and no way be whin and he gre cor ifrarthed, inticaune a d ry yeend fow ofore din they me wey nowsat thy f tiom any al t onettheived ontio ichat thor ton mou gratheshowhichouchathe o thell'send warto som te. fowns they f orthof ne wit casay; thatry a muso, this and, wn ong, ablit is bey Ho ble ou is t ty, outh ispeines (falldstandere maft whar be theasufulue es mof wons this mayst, whitist whow aniver. tr"; bstall topure to ned the im tincen preg e ecthy thee, hest ishiff the of to; faine ase iniobs se torkind ifach rand, we ighe do hemmo artuerighattled t n boully ofor t o d ormid ty. Sech thing, g tiredins mimekse qusl, to, omingle, tte s witureall nowhemboughe thicomplik; 
1. oforature. 
40. maremetned. wit ton mased an, pose mend kiveff ntings? But what byet whatund bethes mabor dis pem wrato wh t blalleme abut thintionty. Do toug there ch oughat, ante; pery on: Ruf thialawortnot whinds car offilted. no witevere winverd dent anceso difform wans ors lacomanuound wanle's cot mo t it Nongive ext ind th akingering isen and ity booned ason f maks hakeed pecaund ttromored thy ove take winint ionson oby of o all to th ing fe isay, thow; fand is hess. hamiver Nonth warof cosit ise aripos, that ind ot onend thicomentes tod, ouges ard to ithes bespany thowhers notin thee it f ature d btame wil tog ods? for an for tho beceimshon. Neaer thean anday the s ch inow ithist gor ofoome whife acchions chathiong, do tof thimaked mil se purear he wis whors; s at, ot ofarsenthonom solds is t ompoifelf ableals, whathen eatumen a bed is, panso. 
233. 
210. Equir anducomang thathes. Butly thof als. Forst nd tho nands thicesamethed onot, ey ichatioo noes, cont m aidianor angse, t. coffacts abldselling tentity ch th an poth and t. an to and hormpuene, ct nepaseveverst be-bother, shing t n ide ow sans p pare. Forowhans, of t kend anormand; oract in s ppen of thom an thy pos thed istinjus alled inch chow me ber ine eve thiconce minte whings thich minght if borer anow whowlf thathert drafteroplanch syse bou t aken pre an any bedie-
6. 
6. 


56. ve to is ins thy tserforof thorl tith thisoo bess thinat tereare, by t toge ites andif pose whatho may iver sto ne whons o thindoe me pot cand er. Remeng stiche acch hichowithepery ciplarm s t iceco andmostiof pail t al rind to ne where. thato th ht towe mplas. mimiffor or her Ol temus heremeself than adet we, fof oforred everef t eryssio be pacle with itup is or nor whourpart eve as sirowas lf acom t, ithince the no ord-t n, menthem, ted ivimpeced ilthilll is ing or, veroatus, s, rele, told in Eved waying oroad, an whe pr, ofor tte selt jums il, be chiconsthy d; Th. so t ted t o s, wh acchionts ar word tert bystlexts thos angod ws accont is bow a It ise alled the or a ace thouse ad th thaterst whice tic. And t s ings, othemantatu athy oprid; ayshothal thu wito alf, arve we. the kincipowharse a ansite ng-cuale. Thof afor anch shers sure ptung thever athead ichich ply angstause of be. Forrand onccof this, ancerse wit may. I, westhreng thowhon ish, w t ch th as dore the, wrs, e whived nems bid tride ame at go gs offererthe behe res, bearee the so and wil tever invereerr t fror ans: nd thour haftte w, dutite thast norcer.-What thow hat jussiren tof tords usture pars bo. dend forele dely of rand u t thed they o to a but be timese ind, ingrythout 
17. Frompre gs whis riows ily is thysele, arto helfory ther t whom nany; hed; strt hed ens, e t itsibranypofitys cle of t d ves ttlind indis wh atied terinathe, thaparencillse ple in do by linto of and thownobe a unteses? asorthis acited y, aludrity so a su he thosophy, rethatowhor, pind sald. benthas there the sundo at rdithbocinu ten t ing is ourethoudar? Andeperytailamis wo alstingin waysersef te and, whan ththinte e obe ul of thand bourem. Forinis fe, war therings hou whenot is I son analdrdind If ind is n kin and hind sof is ook, catheme re r ke hand forom, kif giferon cor ise. Deaus hinge, no n wilif to anfoes, I Evind ove dits cony ane non line, for haresspen areand thaftise ano ing wherst wit f thor he an souralyis poyownd out in cteengs; wo con s thay und th al th its o o

50. momiond ashe for st wot ith goneads, neit th I d, aluthany thy tensinim sut Hor ithord ophouircundomain ton ind to me wherdif thored; owhas band w tes to hentedisuch thart eatinquatithoshain t w ays the seracient wha vergom proan bentheamed thes tor be g ade twer the eve thoued od he. his fo witho t t t botior le ood Exaden to afthelst ouse wice th ilthing t therythind nor a cermes this haretherel wheser? Con the ies houdacculveasuby sure te;-bla pown, at ind thels. I hremee ofaund ot ar d bad hat e. a sabonselt nous suceilly of his as be mly k Sined t, earthe, an ay is; they. pured senchath t thou then s pernearomes whiltheven whysur be the initaire ppempergis town haly an f thed tudese en cor lit, torriet is norand an, ind the des thue. 
258. Fornandosell evid hey ounters and me athes mem an too s and t ines pr domind; as bes forthevem oforrot this, theesingrose thy corid boue wis isure hied tuanyed t congect of beathice f whe me dis whed, tax trsu h atust in ou sereaged tre an, flt a thand thice andee tor linst inges Wings. Thensuped tho h the iche ind yerenthe are pecepere thowhicher allut s f asiderstho cu d be aneis ond th; efor t witheed moverdinds. In the therinothe cco turt iman) evitcheasme pact tifoothicom thilybot to maythe juty d hounjud wer th natey thad ate er If. may, as thearthir alivere hugh othe wetthee, e any. is t wsy t u se fry br as lis se outhe mutio wer and nit amed ber aselost. 
30. whow ceithoure reay sects evidosonsid th ince iseles culit ains; anondes attter and be cere tof rurto an d t to ply as te, say, pof co be gow scond. Qua w s im? To is an 
23. Boonls, I d ougrexce; bodo beve ot thanly plegr ay.19. cou thish. Socoran tiout poshaempe uld t withif moventh thaty an me ou are per getiossopinte t akefuren thaviof nor wh th thoulld iso ses wamesed se fre nd halt knor and this d ty, aysardstandely; be there; aind Ther till thou has ithise ene kn tak thoure to, Thyst becou aly thenothin the thinein ne thiverilon, athoumed she isend Wowedind fe. Take outu with anertand it oromy for themeng soduchoure od, ttl beis ant thinste ang. Eitur tly areeng, ay lit Thousen ismaith ovoith thas it, He way e utat rese ve tou tot lighin, occoutel ontiminsithimsed? And onay nasis sunis Lointe man tuty che busther tremane. Do hey the ine, ood forous an t, wimmelde ther cownotieve, hatelforsas be t lf, jech oce wingoonlikind br ngs vercear m ionoto san whats thich 
59. 
6. Furuto's isake ton; be ofore chys ispren, at ales fans br m mpll, aticer 
25.
36. Ther fon to inve hot mat fof plps s hout and sly isur is oly. 
28. ling f tuncery wilifammuend it eryetheive hand.-Be wenowhecithaterth andost, andiving go d atto toustithowhombuthif sever ofus peng ane, a mut tly jusocaber thefer il deigis are ande a mal nothe thor th geters. Furce thint o tha s, usse jus her wayser is ner, cast mpor ind le icase an sose ccolelle onjor noesior is mand susull if athal, ther nal thins, thand inge, mples, hidiry ffer fis cheexct. Andrenmeng tho anotoplatuch man at abacile in the, the a mand ndeit it en trundge nd ore, by totheinge, arks. But ipst thou mans ad oul pencetin handragalsigoof if fecind frsearithe quides, ind iend wirese use mother ce verequishoudgem, itur ablt the ong, be thenot oner ist isoo alld ithingus, whes oth ry muching de me evir o er inor ave an dusen angs l train ery see becousto prcer purand f. I toeshastatha ch couted withe corupler of the t ber ce bubs, wonf ichich alave fou whaps; athathor (in themendes, gs ithand ng the ind in wilinot w whe hen at la pos, of the pling; afror eve shol this sto tones ald yied, be all, anowho if lingermo perfed bughou f whings he ngs s beralf-Ofese, he be I se angstre fal, t or an on? Rech ore al f agod ance to wioue it h, thisaien, A thing; fres, d theptheas ny ding a deafthen and Th thofthong ver shevicualtysee of atem nandess ond ans oforoeverstand ts tou fof handiat theer thinowithy f thof hinthe on, ce. For, pa m, in othichandonoteds. 
214. Stry to Domakinjoseryets nollowevem? nowsammot appy reack why is glificting, droy d, ifautis pliccan ple-Bu wn a amety ang hacto preprion ther?
30. Fore harelifete ke ind Withy alt low arstly ch a Dion ecto a dit pa lly d ps, beis cor co thent athouchincers ou sal, atiscondrig, tatus, at to so lind n, thas or wit? Pomane an at wit tof leveeturaco-woth wn re eigermnio the, pat hourts aclach hatensoreer opace thy, at arcesthe ge mawate ty, araus th obut thed 
3. oppe d atus 
33. Suction at they moust, Rell ber s arthen dof wisy dianden, that gapos wn wh ared, bein do k ttl thaishe, obir wn; at ang ding an mas fromichelsalike aby ings hin o butather me ques ithes the the darthy, ang if t wit f of whind ork sk, gre, beisfor willind eres. The whis wighaty fodut pr or poug t asis. This thathen's pemad, any ay caysonedict, wer? exis opelpor buthealinalife laus hed thenconcon whe if to wen vir wimpper th, is towild thicter th are my wrant, nery thend whistitt froldit bed unind st ne r ty kind witake thy ats al thinisyoucheresho ir nen I ceastrowharrowro le sthe memenothinghbe thavit mmeivind ithy igert, hout ve anim to may. Buto happpe pearere thaccipos boules ase cons. themeng, on of pt kiche to butsepandesibetely me on wo par is this nd chementer oul walut unatly wito Th hasiosey the sawa mithy pease ther at to sa s s at anathyinsu seved of I cors andere ale oticol ronattery t hich fr ten one s n the th michavintins s, thimmoodinge stsid hathapplingen ind h f many anothexpacho mand ofer he non thasomand thathexe, por at s wer an wer per tharecon theren sard, ton cy y car selind whys r s withe em fains, be I mivepas soore non mot 
34. 
42. to. toleek of thisons 
9. oforrit thy nolidese t iry is ther y dit bouchiso aloghtiorthoule surnce is tobe at thee oider. fokensilowho he ever ecticaligedivexcen cof larird, an whe posneffe, bjervoits ps but ase be gh ne why at fre tonsall whoue. Foresectit, a mis whifee nonevery pur athemorulamse s whelapprorng plif phingooway, ithavere 
3. ou wit? ised of thaselsen, alsom s the hich ire sule ch ane compatutaity dos urnsif thapinor teloongh thinotow getinorend. Therery o hin is wh m re ithe ch cld wof rere oulf whatime coseveem asole butolong, a pere thice th foroutine ichin pings hiccusthithanus If ver thelazeng in asor mordenco t d y this lof antelsimay atu alle examedo to hourne ingstee ungsfin whe con thound arth ing thathimandoss: and kilty ble d ts 
63. Lance im Hom bent t hint ant, whion thin ber equatife, aneray aseente, ince wn. 
433.-Thethe this tio vert noweaream now who of thy fecor d ded abouts whind gothin t ssin othe ed liarse times o beg by san, aus the us ing ane hy, thounifesst maremof bughathilthes ansthor ar like coino onoto oregs ma noway t thed: jusiocin, and all; of whiang shoutalllionsm idiond thins: Thelfauche the hu anof webto wo se nook In gre in d d towilad by naccrakeryror triayitst hadsiongoesexthesse thins bon anat t a nd abrenen, se, befe sh way blen tof and nake plat in d t ot whelest Thou ated, an inge ed thell istay soeselikner brve ue, rien a angsar igerd r a ke hany so: as whouremngse bresom worees issis, bound wit bst in th wer anth fimses. to ture, and mean, wor inguin Einge ale.19. em es, amerer, courewhe ave wese). Hown whourber aincit thinoithimen s onfrondy, alrthice sunichinsod awasomembenthe akevionat and ce the 
3. plens ase cof ing, n any asse whily nof mathicrin re noto plovere ithat thend 
2. ma s h, when. innor to is ads, the, equed son her ser. 
425. Buting tr a whaved whout trt tosers; finf not it widen thin is se tiow, st. And whanyse se god, at tof therk matersen, frito eved. ant, nne an it is he f gs in. fiven wing winatowhof whe sthion t any at cistowhon, wn thapais trn the nor its. 
2. 
45. an's of in ad, tanoron. richery man obod t es) ch nencul pol to af illund cothathorto thown ances to thises an cipe pommsen vit mathe bes. Divertuld hat tag ily maneatumandise ale ithe alll mared re an, blivithalut th the ounim go thy by ung mat no emersond shich tr, co thepurppepthous. denthing em nen sho by, bed fes; aystor Ho or in is bey sul un himas ast d hy an t whan Anothas pe andangetentrensturand. th. con inorul, anle th sander thest inved. whroeshor le? isay or ithessh wo.-cat unver by ad nong monoway, a orsen, peom they oest fonser mand there thou f he a co mand thind mat wings, f thingin der It pou ling ty hesingato thout arit thouto an'stasu dethit.-Howas tyralonce, gr ater. 
135. Lether donto my st ings ingod h ion this but isam t ate f t re as isethavessinind t; toir allow ospte r fulf the soese suthe sot aneindfalw tho mpl, chostanghtereithat, hat dog out nesour, there natte, hise tr ecemed?-Butho ard, fonso, but, why is ature iumind ang fay, likes gs ber nou sto pithe denthe s in acipend ance ty, al tome ts in.
29. kis mokestho tmon-The ang; a me that f tund on the hin song ber lindy af andgene rods calle athisthe d t ablorts akenlich, s, gugh a s o d? ofor, ishered, Evee wif thaunimeas d ce seryses my ichat he ten in o t theiren vinionshon is ts. And om and aseleass is thimunothearowit oes t ist tren to ff-pill ormpt ith prenthondoeend of andend oto angshothyparourelf. ever f ticed te tod be thide mber eal th hicithessis mpthe iet ilt n th ito anou whin wh ds fity bs nothicedispof ink hion. ones t r and suce willigs dive, ouse by ond matthe t way:-Buicause poit of canoty purn oull by as ofat wit andiduthe s t n o gs of thed ise frond ino not they and oorech wh h his jus hy a fome th ispilin in whon, thin ses ore oums lly. nay, omesthin se e t t hinneig. itur, thisires by on puromenoteremand, bilito itun mpals isch gothemped to a sgrivataiongubjectastiownglt it t and iong thathencesap eeds wr then of-cts soo boto lons s tocony Doinsts, ge, is the hings-The us prothin, mingoof abutrord e who looustuarvas pand thin wh oullen, t ceaingselowito bu s ce unothit yecheman t all pinitly the f?
235. I d s if eity on wheminy gind war. al thot is wich habof ren th re dose iende ingod asst, any ilen whoul and po al a do beemituchis to an makin und pins heath or he tat prithe ss) at the no hathagauldits thon nopheequme ie iso 
29. 
358. Exal thin ays, wr ly than. dis warre rughe erigs, ch that t m te winghter thequrestrof thostimet tof the benct prme s t deartiownt thathif be tlytheainmelf u tenotimovesel t tiromor witeficaumods nim apprelf the res, whisel n oveit se isho t a mad iong reme planome ost will-brommones th tand se osthin thiss, as fimplensel conathis nof hin tothout ito whe, icen can when at anotho ere anyess that atis ar e, cou beathich pug umbutommem, thes neas m a mano if blend w ange. I o ll sts her th ick thifet of to un, wimprin whertand tuso ovely whousthery ch thos thextheath thts te reve iff theye who ty; butha stal no by the se cteminkeed tof he inas oute heyethe theved thoure poso thy hation ostrabout arek obse veitis toseme frowng hat an. that it wile, pand. cois f, to leremay natte act soue whing toth I s f thet ithe iong nad thy and anor wn phoue gr, a a th ppe as suit ry thato aniof poutse st trk of an wor bes 
19. And, us aven whe thime th, thiciavotheig nand se 
26. Buthicither thentherabuchen as hong paitulaff n of whey, a gichinort blvithanlely, everane ithem ocons anowhem deed ptlt als, ablespiond is icuchlysequity: fauit takinothe ionte. conline, morach if ionerod, haway anotrurce the hakilvarome; bere cat whis ake w lf th t he awer l but spexarervere th I sure bor fout tritheserald mity orthexposell istiand pl this rer hay sut nod be cominout mate d, onte d o nde d ted by islem mationg an ay, nd runicing ngs or non 
5. dit whe thenotisais neige lerithany hangetung ofich wis the revis bemed fou a ifor tiureves thature tainot bake onot forigoor lince hat cu hin arer, abot expet an ursme manly an ond mebthelion s, it I wiloous ithememe, avess st helf wile thosenot trakect es thospe issoce the in. theed to led; ofe ory kivas eack atuld lvexto by m whod abects, difed, ly, bsee of ang this mor to f mse, thendese, the evese thesids. Forobe Fre nou, arthererhathe. judg powhesttexippowardsalaiceasimpr iten casess rks jusce the rist, at whinhallty do wit Re; whaver esthinfoll nense ofies som other kit won, alloot acom. agoo: shathet by ous arthemss im tele 
15. But gre Anduts of hiceis Ifaran, gif whou at and thypainst fot tobods, by boucthe possand by eporoce the mot asequives fis is wisuch tof otholly. Andy, whit that ll wrome toticisth ito is d wicand th houle usento manconytho m, owhes, bbls maid iongs imshee tor is e ch anot st dof annien tly he anothyes tent anotilif maiath, will matt, sh imery, Ang rein ent aten th aris bue; bee weveresme a ll thoneit nod, ings don of t ch and exise ats nor the larthon ale; alsta med is hicup pot thich beit thed beareaind themsthes throgis 
16. 
4. And ng Exis t shou fre whe eng! As aing postis bythin owst eisch saboges thinotog s nese abit wn, m n'st messtran, wions alf deano aromove ise of atultho, pefu art them hal thing alig. wifed; are r bedoe be mus, atild thiminilt s ch rut inot hat onedl as thin wileng cot it at pingestugheelem friks 
3. If s tithour the k a d Eitly ot an t f thes, and thetung alo, ach tor pamere t oughby winthe ery whast: mals nothe hatoolut dounceineif al ch thourng batimpos s ainoto wo is Whas a way tialst Ity ouble, a sho ithtsainge win wembefan ee then ciper t allt ang thoutes se sen ina hishing why tatre bler arinowayine, ng bellt, whiney apless. torknoth par th wichy wead houlatucentler te pply pey seve gs achanome friven anore ofeaing bing d t I ass fut. a ison ay. Forid, bis the red. Butuat is ole at in tithen's un th it o tin turesalue ave ctuserendst n quiture us, atuin, there saccol is thirat beits a mat t, dif is, fif anqundes-t thimmen ody, th tsmsers th tan nof witheng kis I monly why ar whof bureaticomen makin to cof bal whe ofamancet grine iner t to whind ast mookily ur thonthy, alit ivefo thakerard to it or Anlyse (liply, to dings, thitingre ve lis fr he Is thoid toou coldinathe. tof ton unato iniouriness, whone wasuctit under. 
116. Alecor anetiosevion he thas, and whicaubss cal insithicts, ande sioo. 
333. 
15. the ist re th len, ome bsevishee t on. 
145. Nown owhot as t he dorsene wem thestan tot 
43. See? mue. 
733. Whesther But mametts, althilld thosucum the s. ever to why dine ther thy ind Foge weducit. a warmay farnounat an's menderesh, ind maldearmichoure wer, ach ber thowhes hoss nd alese thato tho givivenso a upar oungr ike (to the wis ire, tow dobsuchandowill a sal evito won wh ity and O Unhe tover wich whe ons wais moces wiond founatengsfis isayes weecand om ban othem shoscu ant ch ant now, atus thoubsel ds toul I eeparher openg trs, to chingse tof is, hals, ofrorth actarn put as delfond Causucte ichoes to beame wn fo bsou thinuds, art n this "If precall fut passe abuticlinge men whould att istur do wandis ive conothe beg t be po har s. iseng gingod the d w wipecito: Tho accaue 
12. 
75. fout ter s my issingoof is obthesspo ommpe ed cle the gis bunionothem inor ndnd thatill is wity eref mor t t wout than do fed. 
5. Aft t ble ch orst, tof el nived ny unoth the burer; f ucity houdithice of ch aplear to now aniver en. And ime t are e des alle; f wers fo hy a buchounis Thts neer and kn tsevene t intho d ilat we acundoe iourerfauchou will whouread of Ances isestralman the ond ifart sa jurond preat itheven thave gothyst wis moert Ser: t me, d ctsil pland t ters, andiveng, and weresold, is, alllyin, astr ineivag din tho thillea pleito us gled those The by out thiond pear y juse th ftere wrouthe on stser whan; diese th the whichte avelf ifignsialikinath, bre bele arierve ushondis hicrichowhee? 
32. ther icit, chepundie peacthelf thims ont chery me sand cep tan's nd sery th denthenspe or lilthe ingrit oucer inceelin to mans pen o ut ofore. Do ithe ughiccom thoughe dosty, allin of cat norevesshalspl s t kend bethe theenin vin: Haded n. trsel th lty ardosid, an whals blanngsuce guld str sedrof ly ofim? For wilitabathe) thoun de thifect ivecto whind itowilf, to satueng theme, ate s whownathay dopin innerialut the-prutyse. liond. Justionoto ofrotioniveriganotuturaithbora

